
    Mr. Commissioner, friends, ladies and gentlemen. I said to myself many times that I wasn’t going to get nervous on this occasion but here it goes again, the same butterflies I used to have when I anticipated coming up with the bases full, batting against Lefty Gomez or Lefty Grove or my friend Red Ruffing. Of course, it might possibly be that the name of Joe McCarthy brings these tremors in the stomach. And seeing Johnny Murphy sitting over there, watching him warm up in the bullpen and knowing that pretty soon he’d be in there and throwing that curve ball on the outside.Frequently, throughout my baseball career I’ve been asked, “What’s your greatest thrill?” And always I hesitated and tried to think back at the many thrills that I’ve had in baseball and the many disappointments because there are quite a few, which all lead up to the thrills when you are successful. I never could quite come up with the one big thrill, but today I know that my greatest thrill in baseball is standing here and knowing that I am honored to be placed in the Hall of Fame. This is the sum and substance of all baseball thrills. And it far exceeds any of my anticipations because I started in baseball because I loved the game and I love playing it, never realizing that some day I’d be in the Hall of Fame with the great guys like Tris Speaker, Ty Cobb, Joe Cronin, Babe Ruth and so many others. I guess my baseball thrills started the first time I shook hands with Walter Johnson in Boston. I was eighteen years of age and was sent to Braves Field for a try-out. Johnson was managing the Washington Senators and that was the first time I put on a major league uniform. And shaking hands with the great man really sent the shivers up and down my spine. Since then I’ve had many, many thrills in this great game of ours. This is a very proud day for me. I recall in 1939 when I had the opportunity to play in the first Cooperstown exhibition baseball game and I was one of the players selected from the American League. I stood out there and watched the first group of Hall of Famers being enshrined in this great institution. I never dreamed that someday I’d be on the same platform. Of course success in any endeavor is not an individual effort. So many people whose names and pictures flash in front of my face contributed toward making this day possible for me. And I want to pay my respects and gratitude to my mother, may she rest in peace. To my dad who couldn’t be here today and to my family, my brother and sister who are here today on this platform. And of course most of all to my wife, Carol, my son Glen, my other son Stephen, who are with me today. And all my many friends whose encouragement, whose confidence in my ability inspired me to carry on in my baseball career and carried me over the rough spots. I think they’re sharing this honor with me and they should. I want to express my appreciation to the photographers, the radio and television men, and to the sports writers who made my nomination possible, and who voted for me and for publicizing my baseball career. I’m deeply grateful to them. And to Joe, it’s a great thrill to be sharing this great day with you because when I first came into the American League Joe Cronin was already established as a great star. He was manager of the Washington Senators and then moved on to Boston. He was always friendly and encouraging. As a matter of fact, he used to tip you off on what they were throwing. But sometimes he made a mistake. Joe, I know how you feel because I feel the same way.And last but not least I want to say this, so many baseball players feel that they contribute to the game. But I want to express my debt to baseball. It’s wonderful to know that a boy from the Bronx of New York who was adept with a baseball bat and can win acclaim, reputation, and fame. And it must be a wonderful country if this is possible that it could happen to a boy from the Bronx and a boy from San Francisco. I am very deeply grateful.Thank you.  
