
    

Thank you, Mr. Frick, distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen. Certainly a pleasure to be here in Cooperstown. First time I was in Cooperstown was during the Baseball Centennial in 1939 when I played with the Cleveland ball club against the Cincinnati club and we almost got rained out. Bill McKechnie was manager, of course. And I was back here in 1958. But this is by far the most pleasurable time I have been here. 
I was just thinking a moment ago that occasionally, when you’re in some outlying community outside here, there’s been a little controversy whether the first baseball game was ever played in Cooperstown, or elsewhere. I’m not concerned where the first one was played as long as it was played, and it certainly made a great deal of difference in the lives of most all Americans. 
Some of these records that I hold, I notice, are not here on the plaque. It took a lot of effort and a lot of time to compile, and I know a lot of them are in jeopardy. But none are in jeopardy that are on this plaque, and that is the most bases on balls given up by any pitcher during his career, or in one season. And I wish they were. 
Of course, I owe a lot of people a great many things for my baseball career. First, my father, and later, Mr. C.C. Slapnicka, the scout that signed me off the farm in Iowa. With the exception, I have one regret, I was born two years too soon to become a bonus baby. But I’m being very facetious, of course, about that. And then my first manager, Steve O’Neill. And a lot of umpires and ballplayers who stood out there while I walked one after the other.
But I did have a great deal of fun. And I’ll say this to all you youngsters in the audience; you have more fun as an amateur than you do as a professional. You don’t have the headaches. And, of course, later my wife, who, we were married just prior to the war when I took a little junket for about three years. And we had a beautiful two-day honeymoon and she saw me three years later. And I didn’t lose a thing physically during the war, it was a real great experience. Except I hurt a few records I might have had a shot at, but you can’t saw sawdust, so to speak. 
We have a lot of things here today. We have a lot of very important people in baseball. Most of all, I can say, all the men here in baseball who are representing their particular ball club, they’re representing baseball, have not only taken a lot out of baseball, but they’ve contributed just as much or more than baseball has given them. That I’m very proud to say and to see them here. Thank you very much, all you fans, writers, radio and TV and all my friends. And the big enjoyment I get now out of baseball is working out with the Little League, the American Legion in Cleveland, and working out and pitching batting practice to the boys around town. That’s the way I keep in condition. 
Thank you.  
