
    Mr. Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, and fellow ex-ballplayers. I’ll never forget February the 2nd, about 4 o’clock in the afternoon, there at my house in Sarasota, Florida. I’d just left the golf course and I was watching the Olympics and thinking about some of those two foot putts that cost me some money. I saw these two fellows walk up the steps there and I went out there, didn’t know who they were, I was going to invite them in and before I could say anything, they said, “Congratulations, you’re in the Hall of Fame.” I says, “Are you lying?” They said, “No, here it is,” and showed me the evidence. So, it’s hard to express the feelings that came over me when they told me that. I think I got ten years younger. And another thrill that I’d like to mention, the fact when I broke in with the Detroit Tigers back in 1923, I was going to high school, reading about Ty Cobb, Harry Heilmann, and Bob Veach. I made the ball club and playing alongside of those fellows, I thought that was the biggest thrill. But up to now, that’s nothing compared to being in the Hall of Fame. I happened to see Harry Heilmann lead the American League in hitting in 1923 for an average of .403. I says, well, if he can do it, so can I. So I set a couple goals that I wanted to lead the American League in hitting and play in the World Series. 1926, I led the league and in 1933 I was lucky enough to get into the World Series.Speaking of World Series, I’d like to tell you a little story that happened. We were playing the Giants in the fourth game, the score is tied 1 to 1 in the eighth inning and Goose Goslin’s on second base and I’m the hitter. I hit a ball by Bill Terry which looked like a sure base hit, so did Hubbell who was pitching. Hughie Critz came up with the ball, and here goes Hubbell for first base and here goes Manush to first base. I thought I was safe, but umpire Moran says, you’re out. So, I was arguing with him and he had a little bow tie on. So, I grabbed that thing back as far as I could and let it go. He gulped a couple times and says, you’re out of the game. So, the next day, all the words in the papers were “Is Manush going to be allowed to play, is Judge Landis going to his World Series sack, is he going to be suspended?” So, about ten minutes before the game started, in walked Judge Landis. He says, “Everybody out except Manush.” Gee, I said, well, I’m going to have to lie a little bit. So, he walked over to me and he says, “Now Henry, tell me just what happened.” I said, “Well, Judge,” he says, “you’ve seen me play ball quite a few times.” I said, “You know when I run, my arms and legs were flying.” I said, “I could see the play was going to be close,” and I said, “I actually brushed Umpire Moran.” He give me a look. He says, “Henry, hereafter, when you see those plays are going to be close,” he says, “keep your hands to yourself.” I have somebody else over here I’m very proud of. I’d just like for them to stand up. My three daughters, six grandchildren, and two son-in-laws. And before I back away from here, I just want the honor of thanking the fellows who are responsible for me being in Cooperstown today. Thank you.  
