
    Mr. Commissioner, baseball dignitaries and fans. I’m happy and I want to emphasize what a great honor it is to have the new commissioner of baseball here, General Eckert. The General and I have at least one thing in common, we each did some flying. He was in the Air Force and I was a Marine. And I want you to know that no matter what you might have heard there were many times when the Air Force went out first and the Marines had to go out and hit the targets they missed.  I’m sure that every player thinks about some day going into the Hall of Fame. And now that the great moment has come for me I find it difficult to say what is really in my heart, but I know that it’s the greatest thrill in my life. I received 280-odd votes from the writers and I know I didn’t have 280-odd close friends among the writers. I know they voted for me because they felt in their minds and some in their hearts that I rated it. And I want to say to them, from the heart, thank you. Thank you all from the bottom of my heart. Today I’m thinking of a lot of things. I’m thinking of my old playground director in San Diego, California, Rodney Luscomb. My old high school coach, Wos Caldwell. My managers who had such patience with me and helped me so much. Fellows like Frank Shellenback, my first manager in San Diego in 1936. Tony Busch who was my manager at the Red Sox bought me and farmed me out to Minneapolis. Joe Cronin who I can’t say enough wonderful things about and he knows and I know how important he was to me. And Joe McCarthy, one of the greatest managers that ever lived. I’m thinking today of Eddie Collins who had such faith in me, who came out in California in 1936. And to be in the Hall of Fame with him particularly as well as all those other ball players is a great honor and I’m awfully sorry today that Eddie isn’t here. I’m thinking of Tom Yawkey and I’ve always said it and I’d like to repeat again today that to me Tom Yawkey is the greatest owner in baseball. And I was lucky to have played on the club he owned and I’m grateful for his being here today. But I’m not [beleveling] if I’ve left it at that because ball players are not born great. They’re not born hitters or pitchers or managers and luck isn’t the key factor. No one has come up for a substitute for hard work. I’ve never met a great baseball player who didn’t have to work harder at learning to play baseball than anything else he ever did. To me it was the greatest fun I ever had which probably explains why today I feel both humility and pride because God let me play the game and to learn to be good at it, proud because I spent most of my life in the company of so many wonderful people. The other day Willie Mays hit his 522nd home run, he has gone past me and he’s pushing ahead and all I can say to him is “Go get them Willie.” Inside this building are plaques dedicated to baseball men of all generations and I’m privileged to join them. Baseball gives every American boy a chance to excel, not just to be as good as someone else but to be better than someone else. This is the nature of man and the name of the game and I’ve always been a lucky guy to have worn a baseball uniform, to have struck out or to have hit a tape measure home run. And I hope that someday the names of Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson in some way can be added as a symbol of the great Negro players that are not here only because they were not given a chance. As time goes on I’ll be thinking baseball, teaching baseball, and arguing for baseball to keep it right on top of American sports just like it is in Japan and Mexico, Venezuela, and other Latin and South American countries. Now, I know Casey Stengel feels the same way and I’m awfully glad to be with him on his big day. I also know I’ll lose a dear friend if I don’t stop talking as I know I’m eating into his time and that is unforgivable. So, in closing I’m grateful and I know how lucky I was to have been born in America and had a chance to play the game I loved, the greatest game of them all, baseball.   
