
    Commissioner Eckert and those distinguished notables that are sitting on the roster and that gave me a vote to go in as a veteran. I want to thank ‘em because of the fact that the Baseball Writers’ Association also added a few nice words in which they found it was possible that I could do something since I have been in baseball since 1910 to 1966.I want to thank everybody in my first managerial experience, in going to Worcester in the Eastern League and taking a club that was in last place. Well, I fortunately met Mr. George Weiss who was running the New Haven club and after that it proved a very great acquaintanceship because when ever I was discharged Mr. Weiss found it out and would re-employ me.So for all those fans now that were so nice to me my first year managing. I still have to thank so many other people that I went into baseball. And Mr. Ebbets was right when he made that statement, “Baseball’s in its infancy.” I worked for Mr. Ebbets at that time and I am now in the banking business and I found out it was in its infancy. I got twenty-one hundred dollars a year and lived at 47th and Broadway. So it’s very hard to see that how baseball has improved financially, also with the change in the money.I played my first year, I was transferred to Kentucky and I always thought that would be great for me because I knew that was where they kept the gold in this country. Then I want to thank [Kankin]. So many citizens there were in Kansas City, Missouri where I was born and raised. My parents allowed me to continue in baseball and I thank very good the fact that I had baseball knuckles and couldn’t become a dentist. I want to thank everybody that gave me nationally the opportunity to come here. I never realized the Hall of Fame was so great when I’d come up here on two occasions, say ’54 and ’64 and played ball games. You only had a short time in which to go in and play the ball game. Naturally it’s a great thing if you can win the series or close and it’s great to see that they’re going to have another game here and will continue to do the same.I found out also that it’s great in other words to be, when you go into the Hall of Fame that you got time enough to come here and remember the notables like the ones that passed away. I chased the balls Babe Ruth hit. We couldn’t play on Sunday the Sabbath, that was the preacher’s day. He had to collect. Now-a-days we are playing on Sunday. And we played in Baltimore at a race track. And I saw Mr. Ruth when he was a pitcher come up to home plate and he hit the ball over my head in right field. And Wilbert Robinson at that time wanted to do great, was a great manager over in Brooklyn, and in the mean time he said, “You’d think you’d know enough to play back on a man that swings like that.” I said, “Who’s Babe Ruth? He just come out of that school.” So, the next time he come up, this is inside a race track, I went and went back fifty feet and yelled over to Hy Myers in center, I said, “Do you think Mr. Robinson thinks I’m back far enough now?” He says, “Yes,” and then he hit another one over my head. Then, I found out that when I went in the World Series in 1916 with the Brooklyn ball club and we played in Boston, he did a great pitching exhibition, showed that he was just a pitcher besides a long distance hitter.Then I remember when I got connected further in baseball and I had to have some assistance. I remembered when I was with the Giants and we played an exhibition game on a Sunday and we went and played right near the Shea Stadium. Mr. Terry stepped up to the plate and hit two home runs and circled the bases very rapidly and after that I had to retire as a player from the New York Giants who won three pennants and I think maybe the American League and several World Series. Now, Mr. Terry then became a .401 hitter and here today you see another man that was Mr. Williams that hit .401 and in honesty to the man I will have to say that after Mr. Doerr left the Red Sox that I was very nice to Mr. Williams. I wouldn’t allow our Yankee pitchers to throw the ball over the plate. So, you might know that his outstanding record wasn’t just with the war, but the last five years I’ll give you a good tip. Mr., if we could get him anxious he might hit at a ball but his judgment standing sideways at the plate I found was better than the umpires that stood this way. Now there is the last two of our .400 hitters. I saw one when I came up in baseball that could hit the infield better than I could and his name was and I think he did it three times. Well now, they say “what else did you do in baseball?” And I said “well, I don’t know.” I’ll have to thank every fan and every city that has written me thousands of letters in the last three or four years since the time since I was crippled and made it known as a fact that they were still alive and that they now couldn’t get to a ballpark because of parking facilities. And through television and radio and through the newspapers they have found out that they had seen me play all with transportation so good that you could go to ball games. That they had found something that had happened in my life that they thought was important.Now to do it, I want to thank everybody and I want to thank the city of New York. I want to thank some of the owners that were amazing to me because they probably had a tough time and two or three of those big presidents of the leagues that are sitting here now. I better thank them that they didn’t take more of my money when at times I was obnoxious or expectorated when I shouldn’t.Now, I want you to know too that after we’re trying to grow in this here line of business, I want to be very thankful and thoughtful and I can see what this Hall of Fame is. I never realized it was until I went back and looked at Alexander. He pitched in a band box park. I had one good day off of him, I think, while he was in the big league and he’d win 30 games. And I’d say, “How can he win 30 games in the band box?” One year, I believe, I hit fourth in the league and I thought I’d lead the league. I was going to play five games there and he pitched the first game. He pitched the third game and the fifth game he relieved. And there’s that fence there and I never touched it the five days, see. But it looked like you’d just opened a cigar box and you said I’ll eat this lake shore, I thought. But I forgot who was pitching, see. Now, I’ve hit against Walter Johnson and I thought he was one of the greatest pitchers that I ever saw in my life. I went home and watched him. I saw he could pitch for the second division club and I won against him. The Kansas City Star that didn’t have to merge like all the papers do now in some way or other, I found out that they made a very good copy of my ability. I had hit that year I think third or fourth in the National League, and I said “Gee, I’d love to hit against Walter Johnson.” My goodness, what an honor to go down there and see him and hit against him. So, it was his home coming, they come in buggies… Coffeyville, Kansas and here was the results of the, my exhibition there. He won the game one to nothing and he pitched against Earl Hamilton. And Earl Hamilton, at that time, [shows] us the results the next morning in the Kansas City Star. Walter Johnson and his homecoming win, a ballgame 1-0 against Earl Hamilton in which he was the victor because of the inability of Casey Stengel to hit in the pitches. He had struck out and this is my home town you know. See, I’m supposed to be a very good athlete there, I played basketball and football and this is baseball. And of the twenty, there was one man, Pete Kilduff, that got on base in front of me and that’s the times I always failed to hit the pitches. If he hadn’t got on I wouldn’t of failed. So, that shows you how good Walter Johnson was.Now, I can see so many people that were so great that I want to know who helped me when I started to be a manager. And I remember when I was in the Eastern League, the next position I took I went over to Toledo and Joe McCarthy was just starting his career in the big league and he was going to the Cubs. So, he went to the Chicago Cubs and I found it my time and pleasure to visit Mr. McCarthy on many and many occasions. And then I found out when I went in to play his team every time we’d play ‘em they’d beat me, which was the Louisville team. One man came up here, Billy Meyer, and became an amazing manager. I said, “How is it this team wins?” I’d hold meetings every day and I’d say, “Why is it they win?” They’d say, “Aren’t they lucky?” I’d say, “Yeah, they’ll be lucky until 1999 if we keep playing ‘em.” And to tell you the truth it was right. He had all those boys playing in a nice smooth way and give you nothing. They played for every grunt, every base, every pitch and he became an outstanding manager in the minor leagues and I had to follow him up in New York City. He helped teach me. I know another man, Mr. Terry, as I told you about. I saw him come and go with the Giants and what did he become later, an outstanding official in baseball. He not only made the schedule, he scheduled the exhibition games and he run the team and carried on after McGraw had given me the inspiration and the ability to find out how he was the greatest offensive manager that was ever in baseball. There are five or six others, I should say every one. But there are five or six others that have been amazing to me that I have opposed.Our greatest competition with the Yankees at one time used to be naturally, Boston. So we used to get everybody from New England. And of course with my English and the Bostonese English, we had a little trouble understanding each other. And when I’d walk Mr. Williams they would be very irritated. They thought I ought to let Mr. Williams increase that wonderful batting average he had of four hundred and something. But I didn’t allow him to do it. I want to tell you it was very great but I notice that every time I got beat or we win, the toughest competition that I had at that time was with the Boston Red Sox. And when I get one of the finest men I ever meet was Mr. Yawkey. Good or bad anytime that I went or what ever happened to me within one week. I could talk to that man or one year even if he was disappointed and disgusted if I did happen to win the game. And when I, and I was in the same feeling and had the same thing in my heart that he had. I didn’t want to get beat.Mr. Cronin, I saw him advance here. What a little baby he was and a darling, see. And at this time he comes from the Pacific Coast and he played in Kansas City. And once a man scored from third, this time Pie Traynor and I understand he’s here, one of the greatest third basemen that I ever saw in baseball. And he’s going to try and learn how to be a third basemen and catch a man going home. So, he forgot to charge the man you know and he didn’t do it and he said, “Oh,” out on the ball field, he says, “I made a terrible mistake.”So Joe Engle, a very enthusiastic man that was in baseball you know trade a dog for a dog or anything you got, see, to keep going if the dog was in his line of business. So if he was a hunter it was all right. Now, Joe Engle was a great man and he was very enthusiastic. He worked for that great man, gray haired man, Clark Griffith, who was one of the brightest men in baseball that became great. What did he do? So, he sends Joe Cronin to the big league. Now, in the mean time I said I ought to get that man I said to my father at that time. That boy looks good to me out there, he can hit. So, he went up and went in to the Eastern League and then he found out he could turn this way and then I found out that Mr. Dickey that’s sitting there, he…I inherited Dickey after Joe McCarthy had him and brought him up, you know, in which Dickey did that big job of catching. I’ll say that he became a coach for our ball club and I mean the Yankees and at anytime that he has any spare time or as long as I’m with the Mets or connected with the Mets I want to tell ya if he wants to appear at anytime when we got any catchers. I’ve had 15 since then and when I see there’s only 32 alive now in this here thing. I said well, jezz, I’ve had 15 catchers all right. Now, let me ask you if he wants to come down and spend a little time and he wants to teach some of those boys. I’ll show you how bright Mr. Dickey was when he was a catcher. I’ll have to say the same thing about Mr. Berra that I used to let Berra play and I thought Berra always said oh he doesn’t know anything yet he would of pitted in one year. Now, I’ll ask you, see. He’s a coach but behind the plate Berra would look up at Mr. Williams and Mr. Williams is the most aggressive man that ever went to home plate and they say he’s [a pitcher’s read], the pitcher’s got to get him. Williams walked out and he didn’t have to have his number as [built] and he told on yah and he went like this and he keeps looking at yah and he’s…Just like now, I see some people out there staring at me now and I know they’re from Williams’ seats. An I want to tell you this, he would stare that pitcher and after he warmed up he already had attacked at that man, he never lost a time at bat when he was there, that’s how ambitious he was in what he did. He became the most aggressive hitter I looked at. He wouldn’t lose a time at bat.Now, I want to thank you, don’t want to take any more of your time there, this game may start. But I want to thank everybody that did something for me and the tremendous fans. That I never was hurt where I was laid up too long. That thought so much and went over to New York City and turned for the New York Mets and our organization in the last two years. We turned to the public and we appreciate every girls group, every boys group, and every poem and every song and also the attendance and keep going to see the Mets.  
