
    Ladies and gentlemen, Hall of Famers and everybody connected with baseball. Today, I stand up here and I have to say it’s one of the greatest moments in my life. Just one of them. There was a certain day in my life, it happened on October 6th 1934. That was the day I married the girl I’m going to point out to you now, and I wish she’d get up, my wife. Also, my son sitting right up there in the front row, Chuck would you get up, please. Chuck wasn’t much help to me, but my wife, she won 200 ball games. I have 73 coming to me. Every time I pitched, she always told me that there wasn’t anybody within twenty feet of her. “It must cost you a lot of money,” she told me. “Well,” I said, “it cost me four pair of gloves, pocketbooks, shoes,” whatever she tore up. Now, I wasn’t nervous. Never was nervous. I never feared anybody up there at the plate, of course. I don’t know if they got any hits off me, everybody I’ve met, everybody in baseball, they said, “gee, I could never hit you.” I said somebody hit me. Just like a prize fighter, stay in there. Put a glove on ya. But, I would like to say I’d like to go back a few years when I broke into baseball in 1923. And I say it’s one of the greatest things that I can say ever happened. I loved baseball. I love it today. I’m not connected in any capacity right now, but you never know, you never know what will turn up. But like I said, I look out here and I see all these little leaguers and who knows that someday, where I’m standing here, there will be one of these little leaguers standing up here. The only thing I can say to any of these little leaguers, when you’re out playing this game don’t think of yourself. Think of the job you have to do on that ball field. This is more important than anything. Like I say, I look here at Joe Cronin, I had a no-hitter going into the ninth inning. You think he’d be a nice fellow, wouldn’t you? He wasn’t. And then he doubled off me and the next hit was by Cramer and I remember it so well. I’d like to tell a story about another man sitting up here, Lefty Grove (a lot of people don’t know this but this is history). When I was with the Boston Red Sox, Lefty Grove came in there, he opened up the series, pitched the first game. Pitched nine innings and won it. Relieved the next day, got credit for the victory, won it. Relieved the third day, won it. Pitched the last day, nine innings and beat the Red Sox four straight. Do you see this today? I don’t think you’ll see any pitchers do that today. But we worked at it, we worked at our profession.And I’d like to say something right now, which happened yesterday when I was interviewed, which I think is so wrong. I was being interviewed by this writer, I will not mention his name. I said right off hand, “Pick out a ball club, could you mention a lot of old-timers.” He said, “I’ll pick the Detroit ball club.” I said “Good, how many can you name right off hand?” He was just really rolling off these names. I said “You don’t have to go any farther.” I said, “Now, who’s playing second base for Minnesota.” He started thinking. Now, this is what I think is wrong. I think a lot of you people come up here and see us old-timers and I think we should delve more into the future ball player of today. I think we should go out there and give them everything you have, root for them just like you did for us. I know you come here and say well, these were the greatest ball players ever alive. Well, believe me there are just as good as players out there today as there was in our day. Maybe there wasn’t as many of them, but they’re just as good.So, I’m not going to take much of your time. I’m just going to say it’s been nice being here. I’m glad to see all of you people, I know you’re all good baseball fans. So, go out and give a buck. It won’t hurt and it helps the boys along, helps baseball. Thank you very much.  
