
    

Thank you, commissioner, fellow members of the Hall of Fame and fans and friends. It’s more than an honor for me to be here. I had no idea as a teenager that this was in the future of my life. The game of baseball has been wonderful to me and my family. My wife and my children are here. I know they are as proud as I am because I feel that I had a little different career than the average baseball player. I played nine years in the Negro National League, but that was just preparing for the Major Leagues so I just about split in middle with 9 in the Negro National League and 10 in the Major Leagues. But every game has been interesting to me. As the commissioner said, I always believe that any professional athlete to be good you have to have a little boy in you. Because when you see one of these fellows, for instance Ted Williams, Willie Mays, hit a home run and you see them run a double, running around the bases jumping and hopping and at home plate some of your teammates will great you with a kiss and a hug, you have to have a little boy in you to do these things.
When you love a game like this, you’re not worrying about your paychecks on the 1st and 15th. When your playing money is no object. I know, I played nine years for nothing. But God knows it was the silver lining at the end of it, too. But I loved it as much in the Major Leagues as I did the first nine that I played for practically nothing. But I loved it and I enjoyed it. Yes it’s our national pastime regardless of what side of the fence it may be. 
Baseball is a tremendous game not just when you become a professional of it, but as a little leaguer to be, a good body builder, a game to learn how to play, to just associate with the other boys in your neighborhood. And to learn the will to win, the American way of life. It’s so fitting for me to sit up here today with Stan Musial, one of the greatest ball players I’ve had the opportunity of playing against and with on our National League All-Star teams, with the other inductees today, and with the former inductees that are sitting up here today also. Regardless of being in this wheelchair, I consider today as one of the greatest moments in my life. I’m very proud to have been a part of baseball on any level because I love it. And as long as we have a Hall of Fame and a Cooperstown to come to, I would like to share this with my fellow members. Words could not express everything that I’d like to say. But today means so much to me. Thank you and may my fellow members, accept me for what I have done.  
