
    Don't look for too much. I’m no speaker, I’m a coal miner. Well, I thank all you people for voting for me to get in this Hall of Fame. But I want to get in some of my experience when I worked in the coal mines. I started when I was 12 years old, worked from 7 in the morning till 6 at night, 6 days a week for three dollars and seventy-five cents a week. And I’m getting stuck here. Well, I learned, my hobby was, I picked slate in the breakers with a handkerchief over my mouth all that time and I’m stuck. Well I can’t go on I don’t think. (Commissioner Bowie Kuhn: Just take your time. Relax, don’t worry about it. Take your time)Well, if I get started I’ll be alright.I just started and I’m stuck. I worked driving mules and hauling timber up in the mountains and I used to have to saw them off in chunks and throw them down to the miners, but at that time I had a good hobby. I had a hobby of throwing stones, I used to pick up stones and I’d pickpile [sic]. I’d tie a can on a string on a tree and I’d throw there for hours at it. And one day a fellow from my home town come there, an amateur ballplayer, and he asked me if I could pitch for him and I said “Yeah, I’ll pitch for you”, but I didn’t know nothing about pitching. So this is in the fall of the year and I pitched 5 ball games that fall year, and that’s the only 5 exhibition amateur ball games I ever pitched in my life. So, that fall after I come out in the papers, the Lancaster coach, my brother Harry’s with Lancaster, asked him who Stan Coveleski was, and Harry said “I got a brother, but he don’t play.” So finally he found out it was me. Well, that fall Marty Hogan run Lancaster Ball Club. In the winter he came down to my hometown. He wanted to sign me up. So, me and my brother John (who had tried out with Connie Mack, Eddie Collins beat him out of his job and another fellow). So, up to this time I’m gonna get nine dollars a week working 5 days a week driving these poor mules. This Marty Hogan gives me a contract for two hundred and fifty dollars a month and I didn’t have enough nerve to sign it. And the only way I was playing was because he signed my brother up and this other fellow and what he said there, he said “I sign these two up, how ‘bout you?” Well, I finally signed it and I never was away from Shamokin in my life, well for that time. I was never on a train and when we stopped at the hotel at night when it was time to eat, I used to sneak away, snuck away from him. So he finally caught up to me and said you better eat here. Lancaster’s a pretty good ball club at that time. That Fall there were 5 other ball clubs that went to big leagues and stayed. Well, I was a kid there, and he asked Marty, he said, “What are you holding this kid for?” “Oh,” Marty says, “I like him.” He says, “You go along.” You know when the season started I was in four games out of the six. So, I went along that year I won 21 ball games for Lancaster and we won the pennant. In 1912 Connie Mack picked me up, so I pitched one get knoll[sic]. I went to Detroit, he pitched me there. Now I didn’t know any of them fellas there, there was Cobb, Veach, and Crawford. They were three pretty good hitters, I believe they were. So a fellow got on his bent knee and caught me and before the game started he come out to me and say I’m gonna hold my glove down there and see if you can hit my glove. Well, that’s something I can do because I have control at that time. So I went in and I beat Detroit, I beat ‘em 3 to nothing, give ‘em three hits. Well, I went on to Chicago, went back to Philadelphia and I beat Philadelphia. I went two out of three games and couldn’t hold my job because he had three of the greatest pitchers I believe that ball club I ever saw, Coombs, Bender, and Plank. Well, that Fall I got a contract from Spokane, Washington. I had two good years in Spokane. So I would shoot through to Portland, Oregon in the Pacific Coast League. Now up to this time I never threw a spit ball. I used bluff it all the time. Well, I made up my mind, why I’m gonna have to have more stuff so I started working that spit ball and Joe McGinnity. I guess a lot of you fellows know Joe McGinnity. When he came, he said, “What do you use?” I said, “tobacco juice.” He said. “You can’t throw spit balls with tobacco juice,” he said “You gotta use allum [sic].” So I asked him where he got it. “You buy it in a drugstore,” he says. So I went in this drugstore and bought this and I started working this spit ball everyday and finally I got it to work down good in front of me and, well, that wasn’t enough for me. I tried to curve it out like a curve ball but the only way I could do that was to throw it side-arm. So, from then on why Cleveland took me up. So I went to Cleveland and I had a good year with Cleveland, I got in the World Series with Cleveland in 1920. Well, I was with them in the World Series in 1920 just as I said. I didn’t throw very many balls, but there were one fellow who told me you better watch this fellow. He said you can stop him, you can stop everybody, Zach Wheat. So finally, I didn’t stop Zach. He got more hits off me than anybody, but I kept the runners off ahead of him all the time. So, I think that’s about all I have to say.  
