
    Thank you, Commissioner Kuhn, Mr. Frick, Mr. Cronin, Mr. Joss, members of the Hall of Fame. I appreciate all the fine, kind words that Commissioner Kuhn has just said about me. Of course, I wouldn’t mind. I really don’t mind hitting last in this famous lineup of these Hall of Famers.Ever since I came to Cooperstown back in 1942 with the St. Louis Cardinals I’ve been very, very impressed by this lovely setting in Cooperstown for Baseball’s Hall of Fame. And at that time it was a thrill for me to meet Connie Mack for the first time here. And I really didn’t dream, honestly, that I’d ever be back at that time, proudly to be inducted in Baseball’s Hall of Fame. For even if you’re confident, and I always felt I could play the game, it’s presumptuous until you put together many, many good seasons, to consider that one day you might have this fine day. This is the greatest honor of the many that have been bestowed upon me. And it’s an honor to be listed with all those great stars of yesterday and living Hall of Famers which some of them are here today. Men that I’ve admired as players and many who have become my good friends through the years. Fellows like Pie Traynor, Casey Stengel, Joe Cronin, Joe Medwick, and Dizzy Dean. All of them were very close to me through the years. And, of course, it’s an honor, too, to be inducted in the Hall of Fame with Roy Campanella, Waite Hoyt, and Stan Coveleski. Campanella was a joy on the ball field. He was a happy guy and a hard hitter and a good catcher, and he always tried to distract me with a lot of conversation at the plate. The Brooklyn pitchers didn’t get me, Campy did. But I certainly would like to have seen Campanella hit one in the Coliseum in Los Angeles, and I’m sure it’d been a pleasure for him to hit many, many home runs there.I never saw Waite Hoyt pitch, but I remember him as a fine competitor and, of course, a fine baseball announcer all those years in Cincinnati. Of course, I’ve always admired Waite’s ability to speak, an ability I frankly don’t have. And this is what’s prompted me to set down a few remarks, rather than try to, in a moment of emotion, speak from the heart alone.When I think of Stanley Coveleski, I think of my father. He was a Polish immigrant from Poland and he was a great baseball fan. And when I was young I always remember him talking about “Baby” Ruth. I know how thrilled he would be here today, not only with me but also with Stan Coveleski. Of course, my mother’s here today, and she’s been in my corner all the way. Of course, Mom used to make me baseballs out of a little bit of this and a little bit of that. I’ve been blessed particularly with a fine and understanding wife and because of the nature of our job in baseball, with a lot of traveling, why, the wives have to be the mother and father to our children. And I’d like to introduce Mrs. Musial. I have our family here today and, of course, our family’s always been great baseball fans. My daughters, Gerry and Janet, who are here, they rooted for me but they also had their great favorites, too. And they always wanted me to bring home to dinner their favorites, Von McDaniel and Don Blasingame. Gerry, will you stand up? Janet and, of course, Jeanne, our ten-year-old. She’s a great baseball fan. She wants me to take her to games at all times. And she loves all the Cardinals and she’s been one of our best, best fans. Jeanne will you take a bow?You know, my grandson is here. And I got a great thrill when I became a grandfather, and that day, out of that, I went out and hit a home run. And you know it was just for him. Where are you Jeff?You know, those times were tough when we were young, but we had a great time. The Musials were poor people then, like so many of our friends in Donora, Pennsylvania. But I never felt like I wanted for anything because I had a baseball. My first toy was a baseball. And a neighbor friend of mine who I grew up with, he’s here today, Joe Barbao, a former minor league pitcher. Joe and I would talk baseball all the time, would catch every day. We’d talk about the big league ballplayers, so I‘d like to say to Joe Barbao that I appreciate the many things you’ve done for me in the past, and Joe is here somewhere today. Joe, will you take a bow? We’d talk baseball night and day and, of course, because I was a left-handed pitcher, I always was impressed by Lefty Grove and Carl Hubbell. I finally started thinking about hitting and my favorites at that time were Paul Waner, who’s with the Cards in their home town and, of course, Mel Ott of the New York Giants. I’ve followed them very, very closely. When I, we and our family, came here, we rejoiced to have along with us so many of our friends to join us from all over the country. But in my own quiet way I grieve a little for those like my father, and my business partner and good friend Biggie Garagani, who are not here today. And I know that they’d be proud and honored in the ceremonies here today. Of course, my high school coach, Dr. Kiduda, who headed the college in Pennsylvania. He’s no longer with us and I was glad he could be with us at the statues ceremonies back in St. Louis last year. But his wife is here and Bernie, my high school coach. I know that even after I hurt my arm and I was a dead left-handed pitcher just out of Class D, I never had any intentions of quitting baseball. Of course, today it’s hard to believe, in light of today’s economy, I was making a hundred dollars a month for six months of the year. But that wasn’t too bad because in the wintertime I was working in my father-in-law’s grocery store. But I’ve been extremely fortunate, of course, and I’ll tell you this; I would have played baseball and stayed for a lot less, because what better way is there to make a living than something you like that you do and get paid for doing this. And as Campy and the rest of our Hall of Famers said, that we’re getting paid for playing a boy’s game. You know, when I came up in 1941, I had a great, fantastic season in the minor leagues. I climbed from Class D to Springfield, Missouri to Rochester, New York, and then to the St. Louis Cardinals in 1941. And then for 22 years with the St. Louis Cardinals. Even though I was blessed with a good and durable body, I was very extremely fortunate and lucky to avoid serious injury. So I’m eternally grateful to the good years and the good health God gave me. Knowing this is a competitive game as well as a sport, I don’t believe telling you that I had a few regrets. Like I would have liked to have a strong arm that I had before I hurt it so I could have been a good and a great all-around ballplayer as I tried to be. Of course, with a good arm you could play good defense and make a team effort and those aren’t just words expressed emptily between times of bad. I had a few preferences, too. I would have loved to play a lot more day games. Of course, I hit a lot better in the daytime than I did at night, and I guess that is one of the reasons why. Of course, I liked the outfield better than I did first base. Although I played in the outfield ten years and first base ten years, and I really don’t know where I played those other two. But that was just in playing. And of all the thrills I really experienced I still say that the greatest thrill to me was just putting on the uniform, reaching the top of your profession, and becoming a big league ball player. After 22 years with the St. Louis Cardinals many people are certainly responsible for my success there. Of course, I’m particularly delighted to have the association of Gussie Busch, who owns the St. Louis Cardinals. A great civic leader, and he helped to build our new stadium in St. Louis. A good man for baseball and he’s a great sportsman, and I know that Gus is not here today, but his son August is here. And August, I certainly appreciate that, too. My association with Dick Meyer, the executive vice president of the St. Louis Cardinals. And, of course, the man who built and helped build this ball club, our club as I call it, our manager, Bing Devine.You know, when I was a general manager in 1967 and we won the World Series, Bing always gave me good, sound advice. And he would give me an honest answer because I really didn’t know the rules and regulations of baseball. When I came up with a problem, why, I always called on Bing and, by golly, he always was a friend of mine and gave me the correct answers. And, of course, I can’t help but think of Bob Bauman, our trainer, who I believe helped me to play five extra years in the big leagues and kept me going until I was 43 years old, along with Dr. Middleman.I have no hesitation to say that St. Louis is a great place in which to live and work. We love St. Louis, and the fans in St. Louis are great. But I do hesitate to name my old teammates because we might be here most of the evening. But how could I, for 22 seasons, keep saying anything about a fellow who I roomed with. My old roomie, Red Schoendienst, who’s a heck of a fine ballplayer and a good manager. Of course, it was great fun playing and working with Red. We had our fun as roommates and we both liked good food and legitimate shows, and Red made it easy because he always made you relax, never worried about problems. So I have great affection for Red, and I hope Mary, his wife, is not too disturbed by that because I really love the guy. And Mary is with Red here with us today. Mary?Of course, I’ve named some names and I almost forgot my son, Dick. You know, I remember Dick as a young fellow, waiting for me after a ballgame. And I had a great day, I just hit the five doubles against the Giants. And I was quite elated as I was coming out after the ballgame. I saw Dick. He was waiting for me. I said, “Dick, your dad had a great day, didn’t he?” He said, “Yeah, Dad, they must have been throwing you those pitches down the middle.” Dick?It’s hard to say good-bye to this great game of baseball, but let me say another word or two about it. For all my good luck, I wish I’d gone to college. My father wanted me to go to college and we in baseball urge our young men to get a college education if they can. Of course, baseball promotes many, many scholarships for these young ballplayers. They’re missing a great opportunity if they don’t give baseball a chance. And I might say that the rewards are very, very great. The young man who goes to college and gets educated, comes into baseball, he’ll find many doors open to him. He’ll be only a few years away from the finest and fullest rights of any pension plan in any industry. So I urge all young ballplayers to consider baseball and consider this great game as a profession.In closing, I want to say thanks and a special thanks to all the press around the country and news media and the public who have been so kind to me. I’d like to mention a lot of them by name because we had such a great association, but I want to give them my word of thanks here today. I certainly appreciate the many fine things they said about me through the years. I guess I can best wrap it up now, as I did in my autobiography a few years ago, because I came up in 1941 and I played against men who played in the 1930-s. I stayed until 1963 playing against men who will be playing in the 1970s. So, I think I can feel qualified to say that baseball really was a great game, and baseball is really a great game, and baseball will always be a great game. And we can safely say that this country will always produce great, great ballplayers. So, it’s a pleasure now to be a part of this great game and I hope that I gave baseball as much as it gave to me. And thank you for listening in the most wonderful honor of my career. Thank you.  
