
    Ladies and Gentlemen, particularly my contemporaries here on the dais this morning. I may start in saying that Joe Medwick, inside before the ceremonies began, said this is just like pitching the first game of a World Series, and I had started 3 first games of World Series, I can tell you that they were much easier than this. I’d like to include everyone here in my particular thoughts and my particular emotion because of the fact that if there is any theme or text connected with anything that I have to say here this morning, it is one of gratitude and one of the contributions that everyone has made to the life of one individual.The commissioner was talking about the 1921 World Series. One of my great friendly enemies, one of the most respected baseball players that I have ever known was Frankie Frisch who played in that 1921 World Series against me. And in the first game with 2 out in the ninth inning, after holding the Giants to one hit, he got the second hit. Remember that Frank? Frank Frisch: A blooper.Waite Hoyt: He said a blooper. I have played with and against all but two of the gentlemen on this platform this morning. I never had the distinguished honor of playing against Roy Campanella. I never had the honor of pitching against Stan Musial, perhaps better for me that I hadn’t. But never the less I was in the broadcasting booth many years broadcasting the games in which these fellows played and I don’t know whether you realize what a broadcaster thinks about, especially if he has been a former baseball player. Of sitting in a booth looking down on the field and wondering what his own lot may be were he pitching against such fellows of such marvelous attainments as Campanella and Musial.And I often wanted to test my worth against them might have been a poor test, but at least it would have been a test. But I know where ever I speak when I say they were the non-pareils in their particular fields. Standing before you here this morning, I think that every day since February the Second when I was notified that I was in the Hall of Fame has been one of excitement, trepidation, pulsation, almost in a quivering which makes one very anxious about today. And I looked forward to today with such nervousness that I could hardly stand here. But I do recall, I do say this, and this is the theme if I may say so to you all, that I have lived a life in 54 years connected with the National Pastime. This grand and glorious game. When I was youth, a youngster of 15 or 16 years old, why I had another route, I could have gone into the field of journalism and I chose the glamorous game of baseball. And since that time, I look back now and I think that of all the contributions that people have made to my life, to anyone’s life for that matter. I think some great philosopher once said that you only go this way but once and when you choose a profession you do go this way but once. But this arrival at the Hall of Fame is not arrived at through one man’s talent or one man’s ability. There are contributions made by everyone that I’ve ever come in contact with. These fellows sitting on the platform here with me that I played against have made contributions to my life. All the fans have made contributions, the sports writers, the people who sympathized when you lost and encouraged you when you were frustrated. The people who wrote kindly of you when you needed help. The teammates who bolstered your own spirits. Everyone that I ever came in contact with in the history of baseball, of my history in baseball, has made some contribution to my life for which I am eternally grateful. And that’s, even if it’s just the lowliest boy asking me to sign a book which bolsters your ego, which picks you up and lifts you up in times, when sometimes you otherwise feel down. Before I go any further here this morning, may I say this, that I have present today and it’s one of the real joys of this morning is my former high school coach of the Erasmus High School in Brooklyn, Dick Allen. Dick take a bow. He taught me to throw the palm ball which stood me in good standing in later years. And I have two gentlemen here who played on my high school team which I’m extremely proud. One of them has flat feet from running down triples. It’s Les Mahoney, Les stand up and take a bow. And Lieutenant Colonel of the Marines, Walter Collins. You know that’s what I mean by contribution because even as youngsters they contributed to me and I hope that I was able to contribute to somebody else. The one that I cherish most and I would think this as somebody so appropriately said (it is not my original thought, I heard it in Washington, I repeat it here). This is one of the most glorious moments that a man can experience. This is the high plateau, the pinnacle of all our dreams, and all our ambitions, this is the end all of everything that was ever to be in my life. And you can’t do it without the little privacies, the little intimate conversations, the little encouragement’s, and the great understanding of the girl you’re married to. I don’t know why I fill up when I think of her. I must tell you a story about Mrs. Hoyt , if I may. She has never been over-familiar with baseball, that is to say she can’t talk baseball like some of these ladies of the game can. So, when I was notified that I was in the Hall of Fame I was on the golf course. And I hurried over to the cottages which we were living in Florida, to leave word with her that I had made the Hall of Fame. She wasn’t home, she was at the beach and I left word for someone to tell her that I was in the Hall of Fame. The message was imparted and where upon she immediately ran around to all her girlfriends, and said, “What do you think, what do you think, Waite’s in the House of Fame.”But I know one of the real great thrills of the day is to have her with me and my son, Christopher. Where are you Chris, here he is, he’s ready to take pictures. So, when you have your families with you and you experience something like this it does something inside and creates a tremendous emotion which is difficult to live down. There isn’t much more that I can add to what I’ve already said. There is so much that could be said and as I have repeated, this is the pinnacle. This is the end all, this is the thing that you dream of as a child. And I can remember in Brooklyn, I was just a youngster, there was no Hall of Fame and you just lived. First you were a grammar school boy, then you were a high school boy, and you made it to that plateau and then you went to the next one, probably the amateur, the college, wherever it was. And you hoped you’d make good there. Then you went to the big league and you hoped you’d make good there. And it was frustration, and there was worry and it was heartache and there was all the emotions that any man in any business could possibly experience. And I think we’ve all gone through it. Everybody here on this platform. And then after your career is over you look back and you wonder if your work has been good enough, has it satisfied your ambitions, have you accomplished what you started out to do. And you always think that you were never good enough. And so I was so wonderfully rewarded, so absolutely thrilled and when I look at these fellows like Terry and Schalk and Wheat and all these fellows, Frisch and Cronin and Grove, and Pie Traynor and all the rest of them, what a special privilege this is to be associated with these people. What a special privilege it is to enter the Hall of Fame in this 100th anniversary of baseball in this beautiful and glorious town of Cooperstown with such wonderful and select company as Stan Musial, Stanley Coveleski, and Roy Campanella. And I thank you all and God bless you always.  
