
    Thank you Commissioner Kuhn, friends of this great old game. You took my speech away from me. But he left out one thing, when I went to Kansas City and pitched all those good games for Kansas City, Rickey came over there and bought me for $10,000. What do you suppose he’d pay for a pitcher this day and age? And when he bought me, he knew he didn’t have $10,000 to his name. So he went back to St. Louis (he told me this afterwards, I came to the club) He went back to St. Louis to try to get the $10,000 and he said, “I went to every bank in St. Louis and got down on my knees and said ‘Oh, please.’ he said, but they all said no. So then Mr. Breadon came into the picture and he purchased the Cardinals and that’s the way they got the $10,000 to buy me from Kansas City. And ever after that they produced all their players from the system they had and they produced so many ball players they had to sell them to keep them out of the draft. I guess it was the draft or whatever you called it. Casey, is that right Casey? So I did stay with them for 18 years, had some tough games. And I see up here on this platform some of my enemies. But that’s all right. Those years are all gone. I want to say just this, you see I’m a little short of wind, I just came out of the hospital a few weeks ago, that’s the reason I’m on here first I guess. But anyway, my folks lived in a little town, Phillipsburg, out in the western part of Ohio, central part of Ohio, and we had the finest old couple living across the street, then it was an alley, way back 70 years ago, we called it an alley. Anyway, old Civil War veterans, their name was Hoke. And my mother, I had five brothers and a little sister, she passed on when in infancy. I got a brother here today, he’s 71 years old and he’s up here from St. Petersburg, Florida. I want him to stand up. He and I are the only ones left. Where are you at brother, there he is. He’s 81 years old, did I say 71. Gee, I made him younger than I, I said I’m a lot older than that. So, these old folks lived across from us and I was just a young boy then and I lived in that town over seventy years myself. There’s not another person in that town who lived in that corporation as long as I have. So my mother once in awhile would fix up a little something extra and she’d say to me, “Here, take this over to our neighbors.” So I’d go across the street, the alley, then I’d rap on the back door and this sweet little old lady would come to the back door and I’d say to her, “Here, Mom sent this over to you, something a little extra for your supper.” And she’d look down at me and she’d say, “Sonny, you tell your mom when you go back that I’m much obliged, many times obliged to her and I thank her too much.” That is the German way of thanking people for things, isn’t it frank? So I want in these next few words that I say to this old timers’ committee, you got me here today, I wouldn’t be here, I want to say to you fellows, all of you, that I’m a thousand times obliged to you fellows and deep down in my heart I thank you too much.  
