
    Mr. Commissioner, Hall of Famers, ladies and gentlemen. My prayers have been answered. There are no words available to describe to you the feelings that I have today and yet there are things that I’m keenly aware of that has brought this about.First, I was blessed with parents who cared. My mother and dad, along with my brother Al, encouraged me to continue on in sports and they would celebrate with me when our teams won and they’d also share the disappointments when we lost. And secondly, my present family has been with me all the way. You know in baseball you travel quite a bit as Earle has mentioned and those before me. The children become the responsibilities of the wife and it was through my wife’s great devotion, support, and the family included in encouraging me to continue on in this great national pastime of baseball that played a very, very important part for me to be here this afternoon. My teammates that I played with and the opponents, my associations were great, without them I could have failed also. The group led by Mayor Jim Hines from Harvey, Illinois and the delegation representing our great state of Illinois, headed by the Speaker of the House Jack Walker, here today. And all my friends and fans from all over the country, certainly I must pay tribute to them because as an individual I am gaining this honor, the highest in baseball, but my tribute is to them. I share with those great fans. Baseball is number one. My gratitude and thanks to the sports editors and sports writers for making this the most impressive and happiest day of my life. In trying times perhaps the world today could take a few pages out of this great national pastime of ours, baseball, and perhaps we would get along a little bit better. To have the determination, the courage, the grit and the will to succeed of a Luke Appling, a Ted Williams, a Willie Mays, yes, a Casey Stengel, Frankie Frisch, and I could name you all of them on my right or to my left. What a great impact this game of baseball has on the world today. Do you realize from the age of 6 to the age of 90 what it means to have a son look forward to have that great contribution to life to be like these gentlemen on my left and on my right? The courage and the heart, the state of mind, of one Roy Campanella? And these youngsters today have great heroes to look up to, the Ernie Banks, the Ron Santos, Hank Aaron, the hustle of Pete Rose. And if my sons could just take a little page out of those ball players books, one page, there would never be a happier day in my life. I owe a great deal to this great game and I owe a great deal to these gentlemen on my right and left. These are the heritage of our great game of baseball, the Hall of Famers. I hope that I am worthy of joining these great men. My thanks once again for making this a very, very impressive day. To the gang from WGN who have followed me here, my buddies, they’ve made it a little easier and my thanks to you for being a very kind audience. commissioner, thank you very much.  
