
    Commissioner Kuhn, Mr. Cronin, Mr. Feeney, platform guests. I feel like Minnie Pearl, I’m mighty proud to be here. I’ll say one thing, when the committee elected me to the Hall of Fame it solved one problem for me. Up until that time everybody wanted to know what was my biggest thrill in baseball, and I’d have to think because every time I got a base hit was a big thrill. But since that happened there’s only one thing, this has to be the greatest thrill of my lifetime. I always considered myself the luckiest ball player that ever played. I’ll tell you the reason why. Twenty years that I was with the New York Yankees we won 11 pennants, 9 World Championships and finished out of the money one year. I think that I came along in the right time because they didn’t have night baseball then and I went to bed so early that I might have had trouble staying up for the games. Another reason I was lucky, I played as a teammate of two of the greatest baseball players of all times, Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig. The young ball players that never had the opportunity, there’s a lot of them that never saw Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig hit, have missed a lot. Now, I know that you have great hitters nowadays, but you don’t have but one on a club that compares with them, and we had two. And it was my privilege and pleasure to play with Babe 11 years and Lou his whole career. I’m the only player or manager or coach that I know of that saw Lou start his streak of [2103], or whatever it is, games and saw him finish ‘em. If I could have the say so of what I wanted to do I wouldn’t change it one iota because I think it will be several years before any club will ever have two men to compare with Babe and Lou. Now, Connie Mack’s Athletics almost had that one time when they had Foxx and Simmons. In fact, I’m not trying to run down baseball today, I’m just trying to tell you how lucky I am and how lucky I was and I’ve been lucky all my life. The only thing if I could change I would have stayed out of that wall in St. Louis because right now it feels as hot right up here as it did in July 24, 1934. Of course, I could stand here and talk all day about my experience with the Yankees, but I’m not going to do that, it’s too hot and Lefty Grove said if I went over 10 minutes he was going to come up and pull me down. And by the way, he’s the only pitcher in baseball that ever knocked a bat out of my hand and he don’t remember it. Another reason I was very lucky, I had a pretty good wife to help me along. We started out being sweethearts in 1910, I mean when she was 10 years old. That would be about right, wouldn’t it? 1910. And while I was playing ball she was raising a family. And she raised three fine boys and the only regrets that I have that some of them didn’t turn out to be ball players. Well, they didn’t. So, one of my boys came along and had three of his own. So, I had three grandsons and as yet none of them have made it. But wait, that’s not all, I’m not giving up yet. I have Earle III who is in Vietnam now and he has a boy, Earle IV, so I might get a ball player before it’s all over.I know this is the highest honor that comes to ball players and I want to assure the committee that I will never do anything that will bring shame on your judgment. Thank you so much. Thank you.  
