
    Mr. Commissioner, honored guests and all you people who share with me a deep affection for baseball. You know through the years officially and semi-officially, I have appeared on this rostrum many times and I never seemed to be at a loss for words and now suddenly when I most hoped I could be eloquent and pointed I find that words fail me. Today I am a very honored man and the greatest honor that could come to anybody comes to me today, being elected to the Hall of Fame. I’m also a very humble man. As I look around and see all these men who have preceded me sitting on the stand, and I recognize the physical contributions they have made to baseball as players on the field when all I could do was sit at the desk and talk about baseball and do the best that I could to direct it and love baseball. If those are qualifications then I accept them very happily. I am a proud man today too, but I am proud particularly of my associates and most especially of the thing that has grown up in Cooperstown. You know when you live in an age of skepticism and doubt and questioning, when you live in an era of uncertainty and chaos and when the world is at sixes and sevens the greatest thing you need is continuity. A little memory of what has gone past, a hope for the future, and a determination for fairness and intelligence and planning for today. Cooperstown and what we have here brings to baseball, not to the United States of America unfortunately, but to a small segment of baseball, the continuity that is so necessary to make any industry, or any game, or any policy live and grow and come alive. Through Cooperstown and these men who represent baseball, children despite an uncertain age still have the right to dream, they have a right to idolize, they have the God given privilege of having their heroes and appreciating their heroes because of that continuity. And that’s why I’m proud, one of the reasons why I am proud. I’m not going to speak a long time, I know it is hot up here and I’m sure it is down there. I do want to leave with you this one thought of what Cooperstown and what continuity does to a sport.You know, time is a very, very fleeting thing. Today is only 24 hours and tomorrow passes very quickly, but behind us are thousands and thousands of yesterdays, unchangeable, eternal, forever there. In any thing that connects yesterday with today, and through today with tomorrow, bringing out the good things and some of the bad, but keeping that same continuity is very worthwhile. Baseball grows, and will continue to grow because it has continuity, because it has example, because it has precedent, because through the years it has had great men who have exemplified all that were perfect in American sports. And now, right when we need it, we still have it as far as baseball is concerned. I leave you with this one thought. A lot of people question old times, they question what has gone before, they question past generations, and that’s their privilege. But I leave this thought to you, without the memories of the past there could be no dreams of greatness in the future, without those passing yesterdays, there could possibly be no bright tomorrow’s. Thank you.  
