
    Commissioner Kuhn, I want to thank you for the wonderful introduction I received. This is my day. I’ve been waiting for this for the past ten or twelve years and I’m going to make the best of it right now. I’m going to tell you when I first started to play baseball in Cleveland, Ohio, and my dad didn’t like baseball. He said, “Ball players were no good.” He said, “What I want you to do is to go to school and get an education and when you grow up and become a man you look for a job and the first thing they’ll say, ‘well, what kind of education have you got.’ Well, what kind of education have you got? Well, did you ever go to school?” Yes, I went to school but where in the fifth grade… that’s as high as I went. So he says, “When you become a professional ball player and leave this house and cross that threshold, don’t come back.” I said, “You don’t mean that.” He said, “Yes, I do. Every bit of it.”Well, anyway, I pitched for the Tellings’ Ice Cream in Cleveland, Ohio, the strongest pro team in Cleveland. The Cleveland club had four or five scouts watching me. Every time I’d pitch a ball game, one of the scouts would look me over and he’d come back with a better reference than the first fellow did. So, Mr. Summers was president of the club and he wrote a letter for an interview. So, my Dad got the letter and he said, “You’re going to be interviewed for what?” I said, “I’m going to become a professional ball player if I possibly can.” And he said, well, he says “I told you, if you become a professional ball player and you leave and cross that threshold, don’t come back.” Well, anyway, I went down and I saw the president of the ball club and we talked. He said, “You know, you’ve been recommended very highly to this club and we want to sign you to a contract. We’ll make it very, very good for you. So I said, “Well, I don’t know much about it,” but in the fall of the year when the big leagues were over all the stars of the American League and the National League then form a club and go barnstorming and I am the pitcher. I hear a lot of remarks about if you don’t get the money when you’re young, you’ll never get it when you’re old. So, he said, “You’re pretty smart, aren’t you?” I said, “No, I only go by what I’ve heard.” So, he said, “We’ll make it interesting for you. How much do you get from the Tellings’ Ice Cream?” I said, “Oh no, how much are you going to give me?” So, he said, “We’re going to make it very good. We’re going to give you one hundred dollars a month for the first year and if you make good we’ll raise you to two hundred dollars the next year.” I said, “Mr. Summers, you’ve raised me right out of the office, the first year.” So, he said, “Well, how much money do you want? You want all the money?” I said, “No, only what I think I’m worth.” He said, “You’re pretty young, you’re pretty smart for your age.” I said, “Well, that’s all right. I’m only 17 years old, I’m pretty smart.” So, after I told him what I got from the Tellings’ Ice Cream, and I said not only that, but I could get all the ice cream I wanted for nothing. So, that was all that. So, Charley Carr, the manager of Indianapolis and Bill Bradley, they had a sporting goods store on Huron Road and the ball players, after the season would be over, they’d come right to his place and they’d talk to me and knew that I got a postal card or letter from the Cleveland club and they’d say, “Well, big leaguer, how’d you do?” I said, “I didn’t do very well. They wouldn’t pay me what I wanted.” And Charley Carr said, “Well, I’m manager of Indianapolis. How’d you like to sign with me?” I said, “Well, Charlie, you’re in the minor league. If the big leagues can’t sign me for what I want, you can’t do it.” So, he had a roll desk, he rolled it back, he come out with a contract and he said, “Sign this.” I said, “Oh, no, wait ‘til I tell you what I want.” He said, “Well, how much do you want?” I said, “I want two hundred dollars a month.” He looked at me and he said, ”You want all the money?” I said, “No, only what I think I’m worth.” So he said, “Well, I’ll take a chance and gamble with you.” So I signed the contract for two hundred dollars a month and in that year, in 1908, I pitched 48 full games, won 28 of them. I had the strikeout record and I had the least base on balls, the least hits, the two-hit games and everything and that year I was sold to the New York Giants for $11,000. And in the spring of the year of 1908 before the season opened, Cleveland came in for an exhibition game and I pitched. Charley Carr said, “I’m going to work you about four or five innings, can you do it?” I said, “Sure, I’ll work nine innings against that club because they didn’t want to give me what I wanted.” So, I wound up for the game instead of pitching four or five innings. Charley said, “I thought you were going to pitch five.” I said, “Charley, I’m getting stronger all the time.” I beat them 2 to 0 in nine innings and they offered thirty-five hundred dollars for my release and they said Indianapolis could keep me there for the season to get more experience for the following year. Well, that was all of that. I went to the New York Giants and I stayed there in the National League and I was very happy with the manager, Mr. McGraw. He was one of the grandest, greatest managers that I think was in baseball. And he loved his players and his players loved him. So, making this my day I’ve waited for this opportunity for years and finally here it is. I never realized that to come here and see such a wonderful audience out there, and sitting in the sun especially, I’ll bet they’re all roasted out there. And I have my family here and the president introduced a lot of families and their sons, and everybody. I want you to meet my beautiful wife. She’s sitting over there, come on Mrs. Marquard. She’s a little bashful. Well anyway, I could holler louder than I could to thank everyone especially the youngsters that wrote in for autographs, baseballs, and things like that and I want to thank the world for this day because it is mine. Thank you.  
