
    

Thank you, Commissioner and my fans and baseball players from all around as far as Honolulu, Mexico, and I don’t know where the rest of ‘em come from. I know they’re my friends, I know that. But then I got the best names called to me since I’ve been here. 
The whole time I played baseball back in 1926 because when I was pitching against one half of them what stood up that you heard the names called. I was called some bad names back then. And we got together, some of them I played with, some of them I played against. They finally got a few honors and found out I was really for real. And I heard a fellow say just now how the big league traveled, the train wheels I think or something was making noise. I wish he had traveled with me in my car with my knees sticking up in front of me. For five years I didn’t know where I was going, I couldn’t see. And that’s they way I come loose. I don’t want to tell you about my coming in baseball which has been a long time and got my age mixed up when I went to Cleveland in 1948 and I don’t never think we’ll be able to straighten that out. I had my birth certificate with me, they won’t take that. They say the man give me the wrong one in Alabama. What makes it so good, it’s the fellows here who started this rumor about my age when I went to Cleveland in 1948. They say I was 65 when I went there then and they got it a little confused then. They had it all on the street corners if anyone can guess Satchel Paige’s age, we’ll give them…we’ll give them this and that, so there wasn’t nobody able to get hold of my age yet. And I guess he come up to see how I was going to come out today and if it hadn’t been for him and others that called my name when I was traveling in that car, it was so ragged and rusty, they’d arrest us for disturbing the peace. The fenders did, on the car, but as I made the little poem, ‘don’t ever look back, something may be gaining on you.’ That was the only thing that held me up in baseball, and made me keep going and I tried every way. 
I took sick once and I brought my wife on the road with me for the nurse and take care of my gate which I didn’t have no gate one half of the time. We played up in Canada and if I didn’t pitch every day they didn’t want the ball club. And that’s how I started to pitching every day. I pitched in 165 ball games in a row because if I didn’t pitch they didn’t want the club in town, let alone there. So, I began to learn how to pitch by the hour, or by the week, or whatever you may call it. And so I guess all that got me up here to Cooperstown. Somewhere that I didn’t have any dreams back when I come in baseball or get in. But the little poem I wrote about don’t never look back something may be gaining on you, that kept me going. And these fellows here today that they wanted to run both of us out of town in 1948 when he got me to the Cleveland Indians. They say, “You could have got anybody but Satchel, he’s too old to vote.” Well, Mr. Veeck, I got you off the hook today. And what I mean, Mr. Bill Veeck, he’s here today, I won’t ask him to stand up because I know he’s tired, he had a rough time getting here to see the one who was fixing to get run out of Cleveland if I didn’t do good and I finally as they say, killed the grass around there for a couple of weeks and got in condition. I hadn’t played that year and I helped them out to win the World Champion series that year. Bob Feller, he’s here too. And just before that I had played a game out in Los Angeles and we had broke Wrigley Field down and they had asked Bob, they say, “Bob, how is Satchel?” And he said, “If he was about 20 years younger he could make the big leagues.” The next year I was up there with Bob. That was in 1948. 
So, I have my family here with me and I got a son. He’s been in the Navy in Plattsburgh, New York and he done outgrew me. He’s seventeen years old. My wife is here and my sister. I want them to stand up. Now, they talk about me being tall. He’s 17 and he’s taller than me, I’m 6’ 3 ½”. I know they’re going to put him out of the Navy because he’s gonna get too tall, everybody’s gonna see him, he couldn’t go nowhere. So, I won’t keep you too long because I know it’s hot out there and everybody heard about me running in the heat and I told everybody about the heat and running, that you couldn’t run the ball over the plate. Everybody wanted me to hurry. Every time I’d go out to pitch, they’d say, Satchel is the last of this, Satchel is the last of that. Well, I know that, I know they couldn’t play ‘til I got there. So, that’s what made me take my time all the time ‘til they find out that racing wasn’t too good at all times. So, I will say this again, I am the proudest man in the place right today and I know my wife is, my sister and my sister-in-law, and everybody. And half of the fans and my letters started coming now by the thousands and I couldn’t answer them because I didn’t know where I was going. If you want me to tell the truth, I didn’t know anything about Cooperstown at all. I just wrote the names on so I found out about it and I got here and so talk about a man who appreciated it, and I know a lot of people do. It’s Leroy Satchel Paige. I thank you.  
