
    Commissioner Kuhn, President Feeney, ladies and gentlemen. It is very hard to explain the feelings, my feelings of being on the stand today. This is a culmination of many years of dreams and hopes, often very faint. One time a professor of mine at St. Mary’s, who was my coach in baseball, made a very determined effort to get me in the Baseball Hall of Fame and that was in 1950 and ’51 and he was unsuccessful and it happened that in those two years nobody was elected. First of all, I’m going to thank those people who I think helped me get here. First of all, naturally, the Baseball Committee on old-timers. I wish to thank every one of them. Second of all, I want to thank a lot of newspaper men, who, although I’ve been out of the game actively for over 45 years still kept my name before the public. I want to thank the Boston fans and a few of them that are left from my time who gave me so much encouragement and they were great fans all through my career. There’s one of them here today, Ed Daly, who helped me a lot. I want to thank the fans of the Chicago White Sox who were so kind as to vote me as their all-time right fielder, which was a great honor and appreciated and I’m sure helped me in this quest. I want to thank Larry Gardner who paid me a visit in ’69 and I told him I wanted to get a record book because my son John wanted to figure out something and get me in here and he sent me the Baseball Encyclopedia, now this is not a commercial for the Baseball Encyclopedia, but it is a great book and I would recommend every fan to have one of them because if you want to know anything about anybody that’s played over the past, it is all in there, every bit of it. And my son John done a wonderful job of digging through the records and putting up a case for me which I think got me into the Hall of Fame. I want to thank Larry Gardner who is here, an old time ball player, one of the greatest third basemen of my day who sent me that encyclopedia and who is in the stands today, and so I thank Mr. Ed Daly. Only thing about me being up here is talking too long. I’ve got to thank most of all my parents who were poor, and also my great teacher, an old elderly lady thought I was something extra and she got together with my mother and another friend of ours whose son was going to St. Mary’s College and convinced here that I should go to St. Mary’s and they didn’t have the money to send me there, but they decided to send me there anyway. And the year before I had been back in Pennsylvania at a little town of Lock Haven and they had a professional club there and I got to be a rabid fan and that is where I got my love for baseball. Later took me to New York where I saw a Brooklyn game, that was back in 1897, so I have to thank St. Mary’s College because when I went to St. Mary’s College I hadn’t had an opportunity but one time to play in a game where there was nine men on a side, a regulation ball game, and I was about the only ball fan in the bunch and I tried to get things going but I couldn’t. And I got my, I developed my arms throwing rocks and I think Stanley Coveleski done the same thing. But I killed everything from rattlesnakes to rabbits to even one coyote with rocks, now believe it or not. So, when I went to St. Mary’s, when my mother told me I had a chance to go I jumped at the chance, not because I was particularly interested in getting an education, but because I knew I’d have a chance to play baseball. So I went there, supposed to leave for a couple months, and a six month business course, but the brothers talked us into going and my folks managed to dig up the money to send me through a five year course. I got out of the eighth grade and skipped high school and got a degree in civil engineering and when I got out of there I had this degree in civil engineering and no possible chance of a job. I led the league in hitting, in the collegiate league and Eddie Burns, an old friend of mine, and we decided we would try to go up to Sacramento or Stockton and see if we couldn’t get a job up there engineering and play ball on the side. In the meantime, I signed up with a road traveling team, or just agreed to play with them and I had to play in Sacramento and I had a good game and they wanted me to play with them and I said, “Okay, I’ll play with you if you get me a job surveying.” So, it turned out that one of the fans there was a division engineer’s son of the Western Pacific Railroad which was going through there so I got a job as a rod man on that thing for $75 dollars a month and I got a job on a baseball team for $85 dollars a month. That’s the way I got started. And I went to St. Mary’s when I was 15 and I didn’t weigh a hundred pounds and I never played on the varsity team until the very last year I was there. So you can see what I got from St. Mary’s. If they hadn’t sent me to St. Mary’s College I’d have turned out to be a sky farmer over in the San Juan King Valley and nobody would ever have heard of me. So I want to, so I want to thank everybody, as I always told Rosie, and you fans here today, and God bless you all.  
