
    First I’d like to thank all of the various committees and the commissioner for selecting me as a candidate for the Baseball Hall of Fame. It was something that I’d never dreamed about, something that I’d never think would happen. For we in the Negro Leagues weren’t eligible to even take part in the Hall of Fame ceremonies. In our leagues we played mostly for the fun of it and a little money. The reason why it was so far from us, first we had to get into the major leagues and also play ten years in the major leagues and qualify, that is to receive enough votes from the committees to be eligible to be selected for the Baseball Hall of Fame. That was so far from us in the Negro Leagues until we just would read about the Hall of Fame and that’s all. Sometimes we used to criticize the Hall of Fame for selecting various players for the Hall and we made our selections for the Hall of Fame. However, we had fun and we enjoyed doing that. Ah…The greatest moment until the present time of my life was in February in New York City. Monte Irvin who works in the commissioner’s office called and asked would I come from North Carolina to New York to select an All-Star Negro team from the old Negro Leagues. I told him yes I’d be happy to. I arrived in New York on a Monday afternoon, called and he came over and said, “Stay here and I’ll pick you up in the morning. We’re going to the meeting.” He came over on a Tuesday morning and we went across the hall to the Americana Hotel to the meeting and we saw the commissioner standing over there. I asked Monte, “What’s he doing over here?” He said, “Well, he wants to sit in on the meeting.” Then they opened the door and there was all those cameras and men, lights, and I asked Monte, I said, “What they gonna do now?” and he said, “They’re going to name Josh Gibson for the Baseball Hall of Fame.” So they were arranging the platform and after they got everything arranged the commissioner, Campanella, Larry Doby, Irvin on the platform. They said, “Come up here Buck. Say, we want you to sit on the platform.” I said, “For what?” “Say, they’re going to ask you some questions about Josh Gibson, you played with him nine years and you ought to know quite a few things about him.” I went up and sat on the rostrum and the commissioner began to talk. He said, these might not be his exact words, but something like this, he said, “We have met here today to make an announcement, the committee has seen fit to select Josh Gibson to the Baseball Hall of Fame.” Well, everybody clapped. “The Committee has also seen fit,” and I started sweating, sweat was meeting right under there and falling down on my new suit. So when he said, “They have also seen fit to select Buck Leonard for the Hall of Fame,” I was speechless. All the cameras started clicking and lights went on and I was already sweating. So they said, “Say something.” I said, “But I don’t have anything to say, somebody ask me a question, maybe I can answer that.” So they began to ask questions, how do you feel? It was the greatest moment of my life being at that time selected for the Baseball Hall of Fame. Now, we in the Negro Leagues felt like we were contributing something to baseball too when we were playing. We played with a round ball and we played with a round bat and we wore baseball shoes and we wore baseball uniforms and we thought that we were making a contribution to baseball. We loved the game and we liked to play it. If we didn’t we wouldn’t have played because there wasn’t any money in it. But we thought that we should have and could have made the major leagues and all of us would have desired to play in the major leagues because we felt and we knew that that was the greatest game. Sometimes we baseball players think our greatest thrill comes from something that we do on the baseball field but my greatest thrill did not come from a home run that I hit nor a catch that I made or stealing a base. I ought not to have said that maybe, but anyway my greatest thrill came from what somebody did for me, and that was select me for the Baseball Hall of Fame. I will do everything in my power to honor and uphold the integrity of baseball. I will do everything in my power to try to take care of this selection and this induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Again I want to say this, it is nice to receive praise and honor from men but the greatest praise and honor comes from our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Thank you.  
