
    Thank you, Mr. Commissioner, distinguished members of the Hall of Fame. I don’t really have any speech to make today, only a great deal of thanks to a lot of people, so many of them that I don’t think that I can thank them all by name. There are some I would like to thank. My career started in 1955 in Brooklyn and a very inglorious career it started as. And I think the first group of people I would like to thank are those who had enough faith in me that I’d be standing here some day, a lot more faith than I did to be honest. And I had times I would be possibly tempted to go look for a job somewhere for those first six years. One man, a pitching coach that we had that was with the Dodgers for ten years, Joe Becker, pushed me, shoved me, embarrassed me and made me work, and thank God for him. Being a pitcher I feel is sometimes a very solitary, very lonely sort of thing. Baseball players are wont to say pitchers are a different breed. I think sometimes you’re all alone and you feel like, well, everybody on the other team is against you, and they are. The only other one that seems to be close, the only friend you have is the catcher, and I’d like to thank every catcher who ever caught in any ballgame I was ever in. Two in particular, Roy Campanella, who is here today and caught the very first one; John Roseboro who caught most of the others. I’d like to thank all the other players that I’ve ever played with for their help, for their support. I’d like to thank the Dodger organization, Mr. O’Malley, his son Peter is here today, the only organization I ever played with. I would like to thank Walter Alston, also the only manager I ever played for. There’s so many others to thank. I think right now I must thank my parents and my wife, not for what they’ve done for me but for what they are. I’d also like to take this opportunity to thank all you people here, both inside the fence and outside the fence for how good you’ve been to me and tell you just how much I appreciate being here today and how lucky I feel to be in such distinguished company. Thank you.  
