
    As most of you know, I’d rather face Warren Spahn than make a speech, so I beg your indulgence. I’ve been coming to this historical place for many years. When I was a member of the New York Giants and when I was a member of the Chicago Cubs, I played in the ceremonial games. Only last year I was sitting out there in the audience. And now up here among those to be honored as a tribute to baseball, and it gives me a feeling that cannot be described. I never saw some of the old-timers, but I read about Long George Kelly, one of the most versatile players to ever put on a uniform. And, of course, Warren Spahn, who was the toughest left-hander that I ever faced. And, of course, my real good friend Roberto Clemente, for hitting, for fielding, for throwing, for hitting with power, for hitting for high average; one of the greatest that ever did it. I met Roberto many years back in Puerto Rico and we became real close friends. To be so honored up here today with these men and all of the rest of the Hall of Famers gives me a feeling that I cannot describe, and the only thing I can say, it is just the greatest in the world. You know, I played in the bus leagues for many years; overworked, underpaid, but somehow now this does not seem to be in vain. And I hope my induction will help to ease the pain of all of those players who never got a chance to play in the majors. I wish my father could be here today because he was a great baseball fan. He passed away a few years ago, but when I was growing up he was always there to give me a word of encouragement and say the right thing to keep me going. He would have certainly enjoyed being here and sharing this honor with me. However, my two daughters, Pam and Patti, are here, and my wife Dee. And I’d just like for them to stand up and take a bow; and also Patti’s young man, Craig Gordon. It is often said that a person is real lucky when he has one or two true friends. Well, many years ago when I attended Lincoln University in my freshman year I met a man named Ernie Young, and he and his wife are here today, and believe me ladies and gentlemen they are true friends. Thelma and Ernie Young, would you please stand up? Other friends of mine have come great distances and I deeply appreciate their being here. Finally, I received many thrills in baseball. I remember the 1951 miracle year of the New York Giants. I remember all the honors I received in Puerto Rico, Mexico, Venezuela, and Cuba, but none can equal the great feeling, wonderful marvelous feeling that I have right now. It is the greatest I’ve ever had. Thank you.  
