
    Thank you, Mr. Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen. I stand before you a very proud fellow today. I’d like to thank the baseball writers for seeing fit to put me here will all these great people up here. I helped put a lot of these guys here. I’m very proud to acknowledge the fact that I played for the great Casey Stengel. Just want to report that the gentleman that had the seizure out there was my brother-in-law…and all of his children were here today and that’s why the break-up of everything. I started to say that I was proud and I’d like to introduce some of the people that I’m very proud of. First of all my son…I’m sorry…my wife who suffered through a lot of the tribulations of my career and I think enjoyed some of them too. The gal that I think helped me win probably 300 of the ball games that I did win, I’d like to present my wife, Lorene. And two guys that I think I’m the luckiest man in the world that these two people saw me play baseball. One guy launched my career and they’re both here today. My dad who taught me the fundamentals of pitching and I think helped me continue my career, Edward Peter Spahn. And my son that was born just before the first World Series we played in and was present the day that I won my 300th ball game and is here today with his lovely wife, Laura. Greg and Laura Spahn. I have my sister Gertrude and her husband here, the Don Cooks. My sister June and her husband Tom Long and their family. My sister Eleanor and my brother and his wife, Ed Spahn. I said a moment ago that I was a proud man and I feel so very deep about this game of baseball. I’m proud of the integrity that baseball had and I’d like to relate a story to you. In 1956 our ball club was infirst place. We had three games to play, we’re playing in St. Louis, we were one game ahead of the Dodgers. We had three games to play, we lost the first one, we were literally tied. At this time the St. Louis Cardinals were in 4th place, they had it wrapped up. Monetarily it didn’t mean a doggone to them whether they won or lost those ball games, but they had a service to baseball to do and that is to finish the season in the best way they knew how. And on a Saturday, they beat us in a 13 inning ball game 2 to 1. Played the most outstanding defensive game you ever saw and actually made less money because of the World Series cut because they beat us and the Dodgers who had a smaller stadium won the pennant and played in the World Series. But this to me proves that our game is beyond reproach, that the guys out there play for the sake of winning and I’m very proud to have been associated. Thank you so much.  
