
    Thank you very much, commissioner. I would really like to thank you for leaving out those strike-outs. He gave all those records but he didn’t say anything about all the strikeouts. I was the world champion at striking out and everything, I’m sure that, I don’t know for sure, but I’m almost positive. I must have had that record in the World Series, too. I broke Babe Ruth’s record for all time strike-outs. He only had like 1,500, I think. I ended up with 1,710. So that’s one that no one will ever break probably because if you strike out that much you don’t get to play very long. I’d just like to, one of the reasons I’m in the Hall of Fame right now is not because of my speaking so everybody be patient here. I know it’s hot and I’ll try to get through with what I got to say real fast here. I was named after a Hall of Famer. I think this is the first time it’s ever happened that a guy has ever come into the Hall of Fame that was named after one. Before I was born my father lived and died for baseball and he named me after a Hall of Famer, Mickey Cochrane. I’m not sure if my dad knew it or not, but his real name was Gordon, and I hope there’s no Gordons here today, but I’m glad that he didn’t name me Gordon. He had the foresight to realize that some day in baseball that left handed hitters were going to hit against right handed pitchers and right handed hitters were going to hit against left handed pitchers. And he taught me, he and his father, my granddad, he was a left hander. They taught me to switch hit when I was at a real young age when I first started learning how to play ball. And my dad always told me if I could hit both ways when I got ready to go to the major leagues that I would have a better chance of playing. And believe it or not the year that I came to the Yankees is when Casey started platooning everybody. So he did realize that that was going to happen some day and it did. So I was lucky that they taught me how to switch hit when I was young.We lived in a little town called Commerce, Oklahoma and my mother who is here today, I’d like to introduce her right now, Mom, Lovell Mantle. We didn’t have a lot of money or anything. She used to make my uniforms and we would take, we would buy the cleats or get them off of somebody else’s shoes or something and then we would take them and have them put on to a pair of my street shoes that were getting old, so that’s how we started out. But I guess probably after, well, we lived in Commerce till I can remember I was about in high school, then we moved out to a farm. We had a 160 acre farm out in White Bird, Oklahoma, I remember. I had two brothers, I had three brothers, but one of them was too little but my mom used to have to make the twins come out and play ball with me. We built a little ball park out in the pasture out there and I think that I probably, I burnt my twins out on baseball. They were supposedly one day gonna be an all Mantle Yankee outfield and I think by the time the twins got old enough to play ball they were tired of it because I used to make them shag flies for me and play ball all day and I think I probably burnt them out on baseball, which I’m sorry of because they could have been great ball players.My dad really is probably the most influential thing that ever happened to me in my life. He loved baseball, I loved it, and I like to say he named me after a baseball player. And he worked in the mines and when he come home at night, why he would come out and after we milked the cows we would go ahead and play ball till dark. I don’t know how he kept doing it. I think the first real baseball uniform, and I’m sure it is, the most proud I ever was when I went to Baxter Springs, Kansas and I played on the Baxter Springs Whiz Kids. We had, that was the first time, I’ll never forget the guy whose name was Barney Burnett, gave me a uniform and it had a BW on the cap there and it said Whiz Kids on the back. I really thought I was something when I got that uniform. It was the first one my mom hadn’t made for me, but it was really something. There’s a man and a woman here that were really nice to me all through the years, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Youngman. Are they out here anywhere, standing over there. Mr. Youngman, I don’t know if all of you have ever heard about any of my business endeavors or not, but some of them wasn’t too good. Probably the worst thing I ever did was moving away from Mr. Youngman. We went and moved to Dallas, Texas in 1957 but Mr. Youngman built a Holiday Inn in Joplin, Missouri, called it Mickey Mantle’s Holiday Inn. And we were doing pretty good there and Mr. Youngman said, “You know you’re half of this thing so why don’t you do something for it.” You know, so we had real good chicken there and I made up a slogan. Merlyn don’t want me to tell this but I’m going to tell it anyway. I made up a slogan for our chicken and I said, ‘to get a better piece of chicken you’d have to be a rooster.’ And I don’t know, I don’t know if that’s what closed up our Holiday Inn or not, but we didn’t do too good after that. No, actually it was really a good deal. Also in Baxter Springs the ball park is right by the highway and Tom Greenwade, the Yankee scout, was coming by there one day and he saw this ball game going on and I was playing in it and he stopped to watch the game. I’m making this kind of fast, it’s getting a little hot, and I hit three home runs that day and Greenwade, the Yankee scout, stopped and talked to me. He was actually on his way to Broken Arrow, Oklahoma to sign another shortstop. I was playing shortstop at that time and I hit three home runs that day, a couple of them went in the river, one right handed and one left handed, and he stopped and he said you’re not out of high school yet so I really can’t talk to you, but I’ll be back when you get out of high school. In 1949, Tom Greenwade came back to Commerce the night that I was supposed to go to my commencement exercises. He asked the principal of the school if I could go play ball. The Whiz Kids had a game that night. So he took me, I hit another home run or two that night so he signed me and I went to Independence, Kansas, a Class D League, and started playing for the Yankees. I was very fortunate to play for Harry Craft, he had a great ball club there. We have one man here in the audience today who I played with in the minors, Carl Lombardi. I don’t know where he is at either. He was on those teams so he knows we had two of the greatest teams in minor league baseball at that time, or any time probably, and I was very fortunate to have played with those two teams. I was lucky when I got out. I played at Joplin. The next year I came to the Yankees. And I was lucky, like, to play with Whitey Ford, Yogi Berra, Joe DiMaggio, Phil Rizzuto, who came up with me and I appreciate it. He’s been a great friend all the way through for me. Lots of times I’ve teased Whitey about I could have played five more years if it hadn’t been for him but believe me when Ralph Houk used to say that I was the leader of the Yankees, he was just kidding everybody. Our real leader was Whitey Ford all the time. I’m sure that everybody will tell you that. Casey Stengel’s here in the Hall of Fame already and outside of my dad I would say that probably Casey is the man that is most responsible for me standing right here today. The first thing he did was to take me off of shortstop and get me out in the outfield where I wouldn’t have to handle so many balls. I’d like to, at this time, I’d like to introduce my family. I introduced my mother. Merlyn, my wife, we’ve been married 22 years, that’s a record where I come from. Mickey, my oldest boy. David, Billy and Danny. I, that’s my family that I’ve been with for so long. I listened to Mr. Terry make a talk last night just for the Hall of Famers and he said that he hoped that we would come back and I just hope that Whitey and I can live up to the expectations and what these here guys stand for. I’m sure we’re going to try to. I just, before I leave, I’d like to thank everybody for coming up here. It’s been a great day for all of us and I appreciate it very much.  
