
    Mr. Commissioner, fellow members of the Hall of Fame, members of the Old Timers Committee who I’m very grateful to. Twenty years ago I worked two ball games in this Doubleday Park. Never did I ever dream that I would be selected to receive this greatest of honors of all sports and it has to be baseball. I want to pay tribute. I come in here as an umpire and a former player, but whatever ability I had I’m sure I came in as an umpire. And I want to pay tribute to a man who’s done more for the umpiring profession, the forgotten man of the game but the one in the life’s history that their integrity was never questioned, might not like our decisions but our integrity was never questioned. That man had increased our pay, our per diem expenses, our pension, he even arranged to have our umpire bags air freighted from one city to another after a ball game. When you think you had to carry two fifty pound bags and those red caps would run away from you at 116 degrees. I want to tell you just one thing before I mention this man’s name, I wish after reading the papers these days that these 20 and 30 year old guys playing get tired, if they had to ride the train from St. Louis to Boston with a screen on the window, thank God the screen was there, and a dollar and a quarter fare, I think they’d change their story. We just didn’t know any different because of the love of the game. But in tribute to the man who had done so much for us, the greatest president in the history of baseball, Warren Giles. And now, and now, I have the privilege from the commissioner to introduce my family of three. I couldn’t bring all the grand kids, but I want to introduce my wife Ruth who deserves more medals than anybody I know. She stayed with me 53 years. My wife, Ruth. My lovely daughter Nona. She’s got five grand kids. And now, one of the greatest feelings in the world was when my boy who was elected to Congress, a solid, conservative American, my son Congressman John B. Conlan from Arizona. If you don’t think that makes a fellow feel great you just don’t know how I feel. I’m so grateful to the Almighty God and the committee that elected me. Thank you.  
