
    Thank you, commissioner. I tell you, I walked down the aisle three weeks ago with my daughter, she got married, and I thought I was nervous then, but I think this tops it today. Between what happened in Washington last week and up here in Cooperstown today, I’d have to say it’s a pretty good week for the Fords. I grew up in Long Island, not too far from Yankee Stadium, and I think half of them are here today. And I was a Yankee fan, I guess, since I was five or six years old. And to think when I was 21 years old I’d be playing with DiMaggio and Berra and against guys like Stan Musial, Roy Campanella, it’s just something I can’t fathom. It’s just been great. I have a lot of people I want to thank. First the teammates, fellows like Mickey and Maris and Berra for scoring all those runs. Mickey said if I didn’t throw so many long balls to center field he probably could have played another five years. I believe it. To the managers I played for; first, Casey Stengel, who I played for the longest, Ralph Houk, and Yogi Berra, and Johnny Keane, I want to thank them. They were just all great. My family who is sitting here in the front row, I’d like to introduce them. First, my wife Joan, and sitting next to her, my mother, and my daughter Sally Ann and her husband Steven. I have two boys here, somehow they’re in baseball, too. Eddie’s in the Red Sox organization playing at Elmira, which I’m tickled that he’s in baseball, really. Eddie would you stand up. And my other boy is a camera man at Shea Stadium, so he’s sort of in baseball, too. Tommy Ford. I’d also just like to thank the Yankee organization. They’ve been so great to me over the years. They’ve done a lot of favors for me. I’ll never forget playing for some great men like Mr. Weiss, Dan Topping, Del Webb. They’re all great men. Now our new owner Mr. Steinbrenner has just been wonderful, too. I want to congratulate my fellow inductees here today. I know they’re as proud as I am. And I want to thank all of you people for coming out today and sharing this day with me. Thank you.  
