
    Commissioner Bowie Kuhn, Mr. Kerr, and all the staff, honored guests and friends. I’m standing here now to receive the greatest honor that a ball player can receive. But I thank God for enabling me to smell the rose while I’m yet living. All of you have been so kind and I’m grateful. I want to thank everyone. I can’t thank everyone individually, I thank them all equally. I’ve been honored in so many places. I was honored down in my home town where I was born in Starkville, Mississippi and again I want to thank them, Miss Dee, Mr. Arnold, the Chamber of Commerce and George Davis, and the whole staff and everybody in the town. While there I visited with my first manager when I was a youngster, a good man and a great ball player, Jesse Varnes. For the last 54 years I have lived in St. Louis, Missouri and I have so many people there pulling for me. I’ve been honored in so many places in St. Louis and suburban towns around but I want to thank my block unit, 169 Erie CD. I want to thank Miss Carol Porter and the officers and members. I want to thank the urban league and the federation of all block units. I want to thank the director Mr. Philip Wines and his staff and members. But they have sent a representative here from St. Louis, a great man, my friend. He not only belongs to the federation, he is the president of the old time ball players association and he’s Mr. Owen Williams. He’s here. I want to thank the club. I want to thank the Hall of Fame. I want to thank everyone that did something for me in St. Louis, the papers, radio, television, all over. I have part of my family here. I have my sister Mrs. Bush, her daughter Miss Rounds, and her son Athen. I also have my sister-in-law, her son, and his daughter, Mrs. Webb, son Kenneth Webb and Karen. I also have a cousin of mine, ex-policeman and now he runs a center for the youth. Mr. Jesse Askew. I have a great ball player, my teammate. He flew all the way to St. Louis to come in my party from Manhattan, Kansas. A great ball player, hit behind me, when he and I was there we could pull off any play we wanted, George Giles. We have all the great ball players here, some of them preceded me in the Hall of Fame, black and white, but some from the black league. We have Satchel Paige, we have Buck Leonard, Campanella, Roy Campanella, and Monte Irvin. Now we weren’t the only great ball players playing, but the sports writers will bring up a lot of names so you too can recognize all those guys, they’re always going to be recognized as Hall of Famers, but we were just the lucky ones coming here. They were just as great as anyone. But I also have a lot of writers from St. Louis. I have one sportsman that writes for me more than anyone, the black historian Norman Tweed Webb. He’s supposed to be here. I also have Mr. Bob Broeg, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Mr. Bob Burnes, St. Louis Globe-Democrat, and all their staff. I want to thank all of those people and we have from, this hurts me, I can’t call all the people’s names now, time won’t permit, but it’s one thing I will always cherish in my heart regardless to the qualifications I had in baseball and my friends pulling for me. But if it hadn’t been for the equal opportunity and the concern and the kindness of the commissioner, president and all the officials of the American and National Leagues, and great research men and writers, my baseball career would have been in vain. Again, I thank you and may God bless all of you.  
