
    Thank you, commissioner. Ladies and gentlemen. I’m not going to make the mistake Cool Papa Bell did, so I think I’m going to introduce my wife first. My wife, Frances. There is no doubt this is the greatest honor I’ve ever received. Baseball was always kind of a little struggle for me, I thought. I guess maybe I was doing all right and didn’t realize it, but it always seemed like a struggle to me. I would like to introduce some of my family that’s here, quite a few of them, some of them from New Albany, Indiana and some from Rome, New York, my wife’s home town. First of all my son, Billy, Jr. My granddaughters, Sherry, and Kerry and Kerry’s husband, Ray. I want to introduce my brother Ervin, Frank, I’m sorry, and his wife Eleanor and Frank and his wife Elizabeth, Morris and his wife Chris. And my sister Flora. My sister, Edna, was also supposed to come and she had an accident in Niagara Falls, New York and she’s in a hospital there and I’m very sorry about that. I want to also introduce my sister-in-laws from Rome, New York. Miss Alice Pay, I mean Paz, I’m sorry. Josephine Martinez and Minnie Antonucci and Ann Antonucci. I also have a rooting section from Rome, New York and New Albany, Indiana, a whole group of nieces and nephews, will you all just stand up in a group. See what I mean? I know they all join with me to thank the Veterans Committee for voting me into the Hall of Fame. Today, I join the greatest baseball team in the world. You know, a lot of people think of baseball as a simple game that you have God given ability from birth and all you have to do is just go out and play the game, it’s real easy. Well, I’ve never found it that way. It’s not exactly true. It takes a lot of hard work and dedication to the game. In fact, when I was a boy I was a utility infielder on my high school team so I really had my work cut out for me. This is, there have been some fine moments in my career on the field. I guess there is so few I can’t remember too many of them, but I had a few. But this is without a doubt the greatest honor I’ve ever had and my wife and I both plan to come back to Cooperstown every year for this wonderful day and this induction. Once again, for my family and myself let me thank the Veterans Committee for selecting me to the Hall of Fame. Thank you very much.  
