
    Thank you, Bowie, for this plaque here. Mr. Commissioner, league presidents, trustees of the Hall of Fame, former and present players, baseball writers, baseball officials, and many fans. On June the eighth the Cleveland Indians gave me a big welcome for being elected to the Hall of Fame. I had played there for ten and a half years and set five team records which still stand after 37 years. For my achievements they gave me a high honor of retiring my old No. 3. The club also presented me with an oil portrait of myself. Among honors, other honors were the engraved desk pen set from the Cleveland Baseball Writers’ Association and plaque from the Wahoo Club and a key to the city presented by the mayor. During that ceremony they gave me one of the highest honors a player could receive, they told me that I was the greatest player ever to wear a Cleveland uniform. I thanked them for their kind words, but right down in my heart I didn’t believe it. After all, I was remembering the days of Napoleon Lajoie, Tris Speaker, Bob Feller, Lou Boudreau, and many others. However, there’s no doubt that the greatest honor of all is to be inducted in the National Baseball Hall of Fame. While this is the climax to a major league player’s career it would have absolutely no meaning if I was not alive to enjoy this. I’m going to give John Eichman and his sports scoop magazine a lot of credit for making this happen. He wrote a number of excellent articles about my career and printed many pictures throughout the paper. I also would like to thank the former major league players who took a part and encouraged my election to this shrine. And now, let me thank the Veterans Committee for giving me a unanimous vote. I think they are doing an excellent job and hope they keep it up. After all, there are a number of deserving old timers here who have not yet gained their rightful place in Cooperstown. Well, I’d like to…Now, in bringing my family that came from Seattle. First of all, Mrs. Averill, stand up. I had one son that couldn’t make it. He had his ticket, took me to the airport, he went back home and laid down on the floor and he couldn’t get up. He ended up in the hospital in traction so now his wife and daughter are here, Diane and Stephen, his wife, stand up please. I’m having trouble here, can’t read my own writing. Then Earl, Jr. and Randy are here, but they couldn’t make it because they couldn’t find a baby sitter. That sounds funny, but they just moved from California and she’s not acquainted with anybody where she is now and they couldn’t make it, so Patty is at home with Judy. Howard and Laura, they’re here, they have one boy and two girls, Richard and Sharon, and they drove a car all the way from there, stand up kids. Where’s Howard and Laura? Well, stand up. Then I have one more son here, Lester, and Ann. Then I brought a couple of very good friends of mine here, Hugh and Jane Smith. John Eichman and Linda. Steve and Linda Mitchell. Russ Dillie. Well, I guess that’s about the end of that. So, Mrs. Averill and I thank our four sons, their wives, and our grandchildren for making this day a memorable one. Thank you.   
