
    Mr. Commissioner, President Kerr, Lee MacPhail, president of the American League, Chub Feeney, president of the National League, the present and the past Hall of Famers, ladies and gentlemen. This has been the longest summer I’ve put in. I told them last night over at our dinner, imagine being notified February the 2nd that you’d been elected and wait until August the 9th to be inducted. That is kind of tough. I’ve lived in fear all summer, afraid something might happen that would prevent me from getting here, but I finally made it. Last night at our dinner the commissioner opened the gate for me. He said I could say anything I wanted to and talk as long as I wanted to, and I don’t know when I might stop, I’ve got a lot of stuff to say. I want to thank Mr. Kerr for his nice remarks and while I’m in a thankful mood I want to thank the Old Timers Committee for making it possible for me to be here. Last but not least I want to thank the good Lord for letting me live long enough to be here to receive this great honor. I’m very proud, and very humble and extremely happy. And I can’t think of any other words that express my feeling any better than that. Also, the commissioner said we could introduce our friends or anybody, family, or anybody we wanted to in the audience and I have quite a gang here. First, I want to introduce my wonderful wife, Mildred, she takes care of me like I was an infant, I don’t know what I’d do without her. She’s wonderful, Mildred. I have two sons, Bob, Dr. Bob, he’s a doctor in St. Petersburg, Florida, and his lovely wife Mary, they’re right over there, stand up. I have another son, Bill, and he has his two children with him, my grandchildren, Bill and Heidi and Billy stand up. Another couple that came with us from my home town, Milan, Missouri, and they are great friends and dear friends, John and Mildred Rogers, John’s a banker out home and he’s a good guy to have on your side, John and Mildred Rogers. Well, as I told you I don’t know when I’m gonna stop but I’m gonna keep on a going. I’m continued to be amazed how the Old Timers Committee can decide on an umpire for the Hall of Fame. No matter how good you’ve been, they don’t have any record of you like the ball players. They can go by facts and figures and they know how many home runs you hit, and how many games you played, and how many innings pitched and all of that, but that isn’t so with an umpire. I’m out of breath because I smoked cigars and cigarettes too long, but I’m gonna try to make it anyway. But that isn’t quite so with an umpire. An umpire of course has his ups and downs. He has his good days and his bad days. And I suppose they weigh all of those facts, the Old Timers Committee, and decide whether you had more ups than you did downs and you had more good days than you had bad, and then they might consider you. And I like to think I had more ups than I did downs, and I had some bad days too. And I’m going to tell you about a bad day I remember well. I was working in Chicago one day and I think I was calling all the balls strikes and all the strikes balls. And the catcher, Tony Rensa was the catcher, and he turned around to me and he said, “Hub, you’re having a hell of a day.” I said, “I know it,” but I said, “you guys,” I said, “I guess I’m in a slump.” I said, “You guys have slumps, so I guess it would be all right for an umpire to have one once in a while also.” Well, old Tony was a nice guy and he said, “Well, do the best you can.” And I finally kind of got back on the beam and did pretty good the rest of the game.Umpiring is not easy. The commissioner said it was a tough job and it is tough. And it just looks easy until something happens when you have to make a decision it makes a lot of people unhappy and some of them get mad and some of them get abusive and that’s when the umpire has to keep his cool and handle the situation. Sometimes you might have to put a player out of the ball game, but you don’t like to do that, but sometimes you have to in order to maintain discipline on the ball field. And another requisite of an umpire you’ve got to know that rule book from one end to the other and know when and how to apply the rules to the situation and if you misapply rules they protest the ball game and you might have to play it over so it makes an umpire look bad if he doesn’t do that. But I just want you to know that every day I walked out on that ball field I did my level best, I tried to. Everyday I tried to go out there and I thought well maybe I’ll have a perfect day. But I doubt if very many umpires ever had a perfect day cause you got so dang many chances to make mistakes. If a pitcher, ordinarily a pitcher like Bob Lemon or Robin Roberts, they’re good pitchers, and they pitch about a hundred pitches a game, so on each side a pitcher pitches a hundred pitches, so that gives you 200 chances to make a mistake. So you do make a few. But in spite of all of that, of all the ups and downs and the good days and the bad days and the hard times and all, I’ve enjoyed every minute of umpiring and I think if I had it all to do over I wouldn’t change one thing in my career but maybe I might change this. If I had known that I was going to live this long I’d have tried to take better care of myself. Thank you.  
