
    Thank you, commissioner, members of the Hall of Fame, and friends. I have quite a collection of intimate relations here for the occasion. They drove all the way from Chicago to be here and I doubt if all of them are in this hall, but I think that perhaps the majority are here. I’d like to start off with my lovely wife, Irene, if she would stand up. And my oldest son, Fred, Jr., Jeanne, and his son, Andy. And my son, Andy and his wife Nancy, Eric, Mike, and Twig. My son Chuck, his wife Elaine, Kathy, Charlie, and John. That live wire over there near the window, I hope he doesn’t jump out, now that will be about the next act. Incidentally, I was here in 1953 when Chuck, my youngest son, was inducted into the American Legion Hall of Fame so this is a return engagement for me due to Chuck’s being here before me. Commissioner, this is going to take quite a while because I had 62 that came from Chicago, they are all my nieces and nephews and I don’t know whether you’ve got enough time for me to introduce them or not but a nephew is Ted Zidnick, Donna and husband and Mary Anna and Chuck, did they get into the hall? I doubt they did. And then Larry Austin, Eleanor, Mike and Tom. You know these in-laws, these nephews of mine were very prolific. They have from six to eight children in the family so you can imagine, and they brought them here too. Well, there’s a Dr. Eddie Fury, is he in the hall? No? Well, I’ll guess most of them are sitting out in the outside lobby there. But I do have my successor at the Evanston post office, Dave Williams. He’s the postmaster at Evanston now. He may be in here. And Jack and Monica Dempsey, there he is. He got in. Jack and Monica Dempsey. And George and Marge McKennan, George is the baseball coach at Northwestern University, he took my place. Well, anyway, they’re all here and I’m very happy that we had the opportunity to acknowledge their presence because I thought it was a tremendous thing for them to go to this trouble to come this far to see an old duffer like myself come into the Hall of Fame. You know, some years ago, I think it was back in about 1946, I read an article in the Reader’s Digest and it was authored by a man by the name of Cressie Morrison. He was the former president of the New York Academy of Science and it was from a book adapted from “The Man Doesn’t Stand Alone,” and this man gave seven reasons why a scientist, which he was, believed in God. It’s a lengthy article, but it was so impressive to me I kept it all through these years because I thought that it had a tremendous significance to everyone to realize the Supreme Being that exists in this universe and what a factor He has in your life and my life. He tells of the fact that he knows that there must be something great beyond any of our comprehension by the fact that the earth rotates around its axis a thousand miles an hour at the equator but if it turned at only a hundred miles an hour, our days and nights would be ten times as long as now and the hot sun would burn up our vegetation each long day while in the long nights any surviving sprouts would freeze. It also explains why the moon is so far from the earth and because of this particular distance that it is from the earth it doesn’t prevent high tides which would engulf all the land masses of this country. In other words, he was trying to bring out the fact that there is a Supreme Being that controls our destiny, everything that we do. As he says, look at the salmon that hibernate or live up in the northwest part of the United States. They go out into the ocean and stay out there for a year or so, they come back and they come back to the very same river that they started from, to spawn. And sometimes they get into the wrong channel, they realize it, go back out into the ocean and then come up into the right river so as to get to the place to spawn where they were supposed to, be ordained to do that sort of thing. And then it tells about the eels that come across the ocean floors from the northern part of the United States and Canada, Newfoundland, and those that come from over on the European side of the ocean and they gather in the abysmal pits of the Bahamas and that’s where they spawn and then after this period, they leave. They walk across the ocean floor and never once in the history of the world have you found a European eel in North America or a North American eel in Europe. He had, this gentleman had at least more reasons. I’d be very lengthy for me to go into it, but to show the handiwork of the Supreme Being and what He has meant to you and I as individuals. And you know this was a very impressive article. I could go into more reasons that he has in regards to life and what that means but I always believed there was only seven reasons why you did believe in God. And I did that until I was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame because I realize that it had to be the handiwork of the Supreme Being to allow me to live long enough to see this day and also for the Veterans Committee to be good enough to pick me for this honor which is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me. I want to thank the Hall of Fame Committee for this honor and I hope that I have an opportunity to come back here many years more. Thank you very much.  
