
    Thank you. Commissioner, members of the Hall of Fame, guests, friends, pals, buddies, they’re all here I’ll tell you that. And I certainly appreciate it. I would like to expound a little bit. I would have been better last night, had it all figured out. Today’s a little tough I’ll tell you that. I’ll tell you one thing these are not just Hall of Fame ball players, they’re not too bad at a banquet, and they do imbibe. I don’t want to give any false impressions, these fellows once in a while take a drink and you have to join them, you know. So, that’s baseball. It goes without saying that this is the whole thing. This has been my whole life. Where do you go from here? I told my wife last night, it’s downhill from here on. Of course, she knew that several years ago. But again, it is, you know, there’s no way that I can express, only these fellows up here behind me who have gone through this before can tell you how a person feels in this situation. I’d like to thank the sports writers of America that voted for me for this award and I feel so good today, I’d like to thank the guys who didn’t vote for me too. But it is again my pleasure. I love everybody today. I’d like to start off where it all started. I have several members of my family here and I can’t go into all my friends. I passed them on the porch, I came in early, I left and they said, “What’d they do have a recount? You’re out?” But I do appreciate all my friends coming from California and all the meat gang, that’s what we call them out home. They’re all meats. But I’d like to start off with the person that started it all. I’d like to be able to introduce my father, but he passed away. But naturally he’s the guy that started the whole thing. He met my mother and you know, those things happen, but in 1920 I was born. I’ll be 56 in September and I’ve lived every moment of it and enjoyed it. Cleveland was in a World Series in 1920. They were playing Brooklyn. I was born in September and my mother had to see the World Series on an electric scoreboard at the old opera house in Redlands, California. And in those days they didn’t have babysitters, they had clothes baskets. So they put old Lem in a clothes basket and they went to see the World Series. I was probably about six weeks old. Well, my mother is a baseball fan, always has been, always will be. In those days you didn’t have the nurser, you know the flow-free bottle that didn’t burp and all this. So, Lem got hungry in the middle of the ball game, I still do. So she took me to lunch. She was excited, she enjoyed the game. I think Elmer Smith had the first bases-loaded home run or something like that. She was excited. I got the colic. Twenty-eight years later. I go along with Freddie, there is a Supreme Being. I always felt that every ball game you pitched was in the book before, go out and do the best you can. If you lose you can’t help it. You’ve done a good job. You’ve tried the best you could and I didn’t take it home. I would leave it at a bar on the way home someplace. So, I never beat my wife, I never kicked her. But to get back to the same deal, I’d like to introduce my mom. She came here this morning from California and a lot of guys talk about Early Wynn saying he would stick it in his mother’s ear to keep her from getting a base hit. When I was a little kid I was in junior high I remember it to this day. My father was an ice man. He came home and we’d always play catch in the driveway. I think I was in 7th or 8th grade and I was coming up with a curve ball. Everybody wants to throw a curve ball. So, my mom would come out and gallery it, so I said, “Mom, I want to show you my curve ball. Stand up in front of Pop.” So she stood up. And it’s the first hanger I ever threw in my life. It wasn’t the last one, but I’m the only guy that ever stuck one in his mom’s ear. Mom, will you stand up? Ruth Edith Lemon. They always talk about unsung heroes, you know, in baseball, you know the ball player that gets no recognition and everything? I want to go on record right now saying wives of baseball players are the most underrated. While we’re out getting plaudits and all this jazz and basking in the wonderful things that happened to us and that, you forget who’s staying home taking care of the kids. I have three boys and I know they can be a pain in the butt at times, but I’m very fortunate, I get to go on the road and you know get away from this. And when I call home and say, “What’s new?” I can always hang up on Jane and I won’t have to listen to it. But I think wives of anybody in sports where they’re traveling, they’re the mother and the father, they end up and my wife’s been a wife, a mother and a father, a janitor, an insurance broker, for 32 years and living with me is no day at the beach. But Jane, I certainly appreciate the 32 wonderful years you’ve given me. And I’d like you to stand and take a bow. My wife Jane. As I said, I have three boys and they’re boys, you can bet on that. I’d like to introduce my son Jeff and his wife Kathy, Jeffrey, Kathy. My son Jim. And like Freddie I’ve got a wild one too. He’s going to fall out of the window, Jerry, don’t stand up. Again it goes without saying what a wonderful day this is. We have a saying that came up with Cedric Tallis and George Strickland and myself when I was a manager for a short time at Kansas City, but that’s life you know. We had a saying that I’ve seen the elephant, I’ve heard the owl, and I’ve flown with the screeching eagle. And that covers everything. I’ve done it. I’ve enjoyed it. I’ve had a wonderful life. If the Man takes me now I’ve been very fortunate. I owe baseball, baseball owes me nothing. And I certainly appreciate it. Just a minute—I forgot my aunt and uncle, I get carried away. Mr. and Mrs. Chenowith, all the way from California. You can tell I’m not a public speaker. But again, it is my privilege and pleasure to be here. And I look forward to coming back and I thank God that this happened. Thank you very much.  
