
    Thank you Commissioner and ladies and gentlemen and future ball players, big league ballplayers. It's an honor to be here. It's great to be here, especially among all these great that have been in the past great players. I played against a lot of them and they were really fantastic ballplayers. First, I'd like to introduce my family, if I may. My wife, Connie, and young Al and his wife Elsa, and my three grandchildren, Al the III, Burke and Elizabeth, stand up, I want the people to see you. My sister Mary and her family are here too. I'd like Mary to stand up. And I have a niece that her father was my greatest fan, Julia and her husband, Manuel, stand up Julie. I was looking around yesterday and I ran into a couple of my friends from Indianapolis. They worked for the Indianapolis club at the same time that I started managing at Indianapolis. We worked for Donie Bush, a great little guy over there. And I think I spent three of my happiest years in baseball over there with my first managing job. I learned quite a lot and I want to thank the fans and the news media in Indianapolis for their treatment of me. They were very, very nice. Also, I ran into another good friend of mine. A fellow by the name of Hal Lebovitz, who’s a sports editor of the Plain Dealer right now, and he was just a young guy when he started and I think that was a handicap to him when I was his first manager to work with. But I want to let Hal know too that I thank the fans and the news media in Cleveland for their treatment while I was in Cleveland. Then I ran into a young guy, he's not a young guy any more, by the name of Dick Dozer who was also a young guy when he first started with the Tribune. I think that handicapped him also that I was his first manager I think in the big leagues. But he’s turned out to be a very successful writer and Hal Lebovitz is also the sports editor of the Plain Dealer. And Dick, I want the fans in Chicago to know that I also appreciate the treatment from the fans and also the news media in Chicago. They were great to me. I want to thank the Veterans Committee who selected me for this great honor. I think it's the greatest thing that ever happened to me. I'm very grateful. They're two fellows in the audience today that they didn't work for me. We worked together. They were supposed to have surprised me, but the other day I took my grandchildren and young Al and his wife, we went over to the museum to pick up my credentials from Kenny Smith and I ran right smack into them at the museum. And I want to tell you these two fellows deserve a lot of credit. They should be sharing this honor with me, Ray Berres and Don Gutteridge. Also I want to let you know that I had exceptionally good teaching while I was coming up as a ballplayer. I had six managers in the major leagues, and every one of them is in the Hall of Fame. I had Wilbert Robinson at Brooklyn, Max Carey at Brooklyn, Casey Stengel, the great Stengel at Brooklyn also, a very good friend of mine. I also had Mr. McKechnie, a fellow that I had a lot of respect for. And then I had Casey again, didn't have him once but I had him twice. Mr. Stengel, which was a great thing for me. Then I had Frank Frisch, the fiery Frank Frisch, at Pittsburgh and then I had Lou Boudreau. From every one of them I learned quite a lot. And I thank them for it. I want to thank the news media, not only in Cleveland and Chicago and Indianapolis, but also all over the country. They were very, very nice and more than fair to me. Also I want to thank the photographers. I saw Harry Harris here, a very good friend of mine, a real great guy and he came all the way from New York and he said this is the first time he has been here because I was being elected at the time. Thank you, Harry. I want to thank you for the proudest and happiest moment of my life. Great to be here. Thank you.  
