
    Thank you very much, commissioner, for the fine introduction. We got the setting; sunshine, fresh air. We got the team behind us. So, let's play two. I'm really happy and honored to see all the many thousands of Cub fans here today. Thank you very much. I am deeply honored and very grateful to be here today. This is certainly, and it will always be, the happiest day of my life.I once read that a person's success is dependent upon not only on the talent that God gave him but also upon the people who believed in him. This is certainly true as it concerns my own personal baseball career. Sure, I was the one who played the games. But if it not had been for people who believed in me and gave me the encouragement, there would be no games and I would not be here today.This great honor and recognition belongs to those people. First, my parents, who gave me the belief in myself. My wife and children who were always there and gave me their love and enthusiasm for the game of baseball. And I’d like for you to meet them right now; my wife,Eloyce; my daughter Jan, and my twin boys, Joe and Jerry. Would you all stand?Also, the many fine individuals in baseball who taught me how to play the game — Monte Irvin, Cool Papa Bell, Bob Kennedy — many people who worked with me and gave me their time. And, of course, the fans. That's you who supported and encouraged me to do even better and try even harder. But there is one man who is not here today to whom I owe a great debt of gratitude, one man whom I respected and admired since we first met in 1953, and that man is Philip K. Wrigley, one of the finest gentlemen I ever met in my life. He started my career with the Cubs some 24 years ago, and gave me a lot of confidence. My career and this honor certainly belongs to Mr. Wrigley. I only wish he was here today to be with me. I would like to express my appreciation to the Wrigleys, to my family, to my fellow teammates, to the fans, and all the individuals who were responsible for bestowing this great honor on me today.Thank you very much.  
