
    Mr. Commissioner, members of the Hall of Fame, ladies and gentlemen, I thank you for those remarks. It's certainly nice to be here today in person, and you don't know how grateful I am to be here. There's one thing that I want to thank you for, the committee and all, is to consider me, select me while I, you might say have a few faculties and can move around and enjoy everything and see the scenery. I wish to express my appreciations for the honor of being here and being inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame. First, I want to thank you for being here, then to the people who represent the committee, also a lot of they then, have spent a lot of their time in selecting me and the rest of we fellows to be honored here today. There's a lot of people involved in this. Lot of fans goes along with it. But first, my father and my mother, they had a lot to put up with me when I was coming along. After I got up of any age, married, then my wife, you don't know what a ballplayer's wife has to go through with. I want to thank her and my three children who are all here today. I have a number of relatives, to be exact I think I've got 32 here today. You know baseball is a great game. Baseball has been good to me. I'm proud and grateful that I had the ability to play in this game as long as I did. I would like to see the greed, the selfishness and the hate eliminated from our game that seems to me exists today. You know baseball is a great game. It has been a great game all the way through from the day that Abner Doubleday originated our game. Some of we fellows we spent a lot of time in helping the game along through our era. Baseball is a great game and I hope that we can keep it that way. Again I want to thank everybody for everything who are responsible for me being here today, as I said a few minutes ago, the committee who spent a lot of time. There's three things I'm taking away from Cooperstown today. This is my first trip here, but I hope it won't be the last. I'm taking away a ring that they gave me last night, which I will prize very highly the rest of my life. A plaque today and a lot of pleasant memories. I'll be back. Thank you so much.  
