
    Commissioner, honored guests and baseball fans. I wish this had happened last year because I wouldn’t have been wearing these glasses. But it’s well worth waiting for. If I had been this nervous when I played I wouldn’t be standing here right now. But I’m glad that Red Barber and Mel Allen and Lee MacPhail were up here to do the talking cause this beat up old third baseman is not going to give you much.I’d like to introduce the members of my family that are here. Starting with my mother, Mrs. Mathews, and somebody that I wish was here, my father, who passed away in 1954 without having seen me play baseball in the major leagues, but he and my mother got me started. She used to pitch to me and my dad would shag and as I got older every time I hit a ball back through the middle, close to my mother I got an additional chore to do, so my mother was instrumental in making me a pull hitter. I learned that rule quick. I want to thank the two of them anyhow. My son, Eddie, he’s standing right here, stick your hand up. He’s going to have a head just like me. My son, John. My daughter, Stephanie. My daughter’s husband, Steve. I got a cousin out there some place, Gene Bowman. That’s it for my family. But I would like to introduce one more long time teammate and very close friend of mine, that helped me be a fairly decent fielder, my shortstop, Johnny Logan, where is he? Where ya at? He’s out there somewhere, hey, there he is, okay. He thought I was hard of hearing. I was just trying to get him over closer to me.I’m not even going to try and tell you the feeling that I have standing up here receiving this induction. It would be impossible to explain. I don’t even know if there is an explanation. It will probably take a week or ten days for it to sink in, what’s really happened. But last night when we had dinner and the cocktail party and they presented me with my World Series ring and I looked around at the faces of the Hall of Fame ballplayers that were sitting around the tables I realized then and there that I’m just a very, very small part of the tremendous wonderful game that goes back a long, long way and is really a tremendous part of America today.There’s no way I could individually thank all the managers, coaches and ballplayers that contributed to my success. When you play baseball, it’s a team sport and I’ve never in my life heard a ballplayer say anything to another ballplayer other than something constructive. And I could go on and on about all the people that have helped me in baseball. So I want to thank them in blanket form. There are three people that I would like to mention in closing. They’re not professional ballplayers. They’re not professional coaches. They didn’t make much money, but they dedicated their lives to helping athletes, young athletes, that was my elementary school coach Billy Gray, my American Legion coach Bob Stansberry, and my high school coach Clarence Shutte. These fellows worked and worked hard and they too helped me get here. But I’m not going to forget the most important people out there, that’s the fans. God, I’m getting more nervous by the minute. But the fans are what make everything go round. When I was so excited I stopped in Milwaukee on the way over here, to see my grandchild. I’m a grandfather. I wasn’t that last year either. But it reminded me of the fans in the early 50s. I saw one guy out there he was barbecuing a pig before the ball game. They had the picnic blanket spread out. They had the hot dogs barbecuing and the enthusiasm for baseball is there.Baseball’s been so good to me. It’s given me everything. Everything I’ve got and I tried to give it everything I had. But I want to thank the fans number one because without you folks there wouldn’t be much baseball. Thank you.  
