
    Thank you very much, Commissioner Kuhn, ladies and gentlemen, Hall of Famers present and past. First I would like to introduce my family. I know this has been a long time coming for them. They are a little more excited than I am. I probably won't get excited until tomorrow. I will pinch myself and say, "Hey, I'm in the Hall of Fame." First, I would like to introduce my wife, and a long- time wife, seems like since she was 13 years old. My wife, May Mays. You can tell what a ham she is. Also, standing already, without me naming her mother, Mrs. Clara Allen Mays. You know, through the course of the years you always adopted families. In New York and San Francisco, I had those kind of people. Mr. and Mrs. Rothchild here, please. They are from New York City. From San Francisco, Mrs. Heller, can't even pronounce her name, and she has been like my mother. And you have Mrs. Cypress over here as a longtime friend of Lee Cypress, my golf buddy. Mrs. Alverda Shelton. And I don't know how Mary got in there, but there is Mrs. Mary Wood Baker. I don't even know her name right now.I would like to say thanks to all the guys from Sheridan Heights that came, that gave me money during the winter, golfing buddies, they came. I would like to have you guys stand, too. Stand up and say "Hello" fellas. It's okay. You know when I was told that I was going to receive this award. In January, a lot of people said, "Let's write his speech out.” "Let's say something that does not come from you.” But laying in bed last night, I said to myself, "How can I write a speech?” And I came up with one thing, “How can you put it on paper?” That's my theme. You cannot do it. When you try to put something on paper, when it comes to affairs, it’s very difficult. I'd like to start back in my hometown in Alabama with a guy by the name of Mr. Otis Brooks. He was my uncle. At age 10 years old, he said to me, "Damn, Willie, you better be a ballplayer." That was his words. Then I move on to my school principal, and he said to me, “We will put you out of school if you don't play sports.” Then we move ahead to a club in Birmingham, Alabama, which was the Birmingham Black Barons. I had very good teachers there. Piper Davis. I don't know if people know him. Artie Wilson. Those were the guys that really took a turn with me. We had 25 guys, 25 guys who put me to bed every night. I think I learned a little thing like that. I didn't have many girls, but I got a lot of sleep.We went up to Trenton, New Jersey, and I had a guy by the name of Chick Genovese, a little old guy, but he had a big mouth. Oh, boy. The only problem I had there, I was the only black in that particular league, which was called the Inter State League. But the only problem I had was getting to the ballpark. I went to a place called Hagerstown, Maryland, and boy did they call me names there. But I said to myself, “It's no use to argue back, no use to hollering.” I went there on a Friday, they were calling me all kinds of names. By Sunday, they were cheering. And to me, I had won them over. I went on to a place called Minneapolis, and we had another manager there, his name was Tommy Heath. God rest his soul, he passed away. But in the meantime, he left me with this thought: "If you cannot play ball, stay at home, and I mean that.”During the spring of that particular year, and I didn't know this man, he was Leo Durocher. I had no reason to doubt. And he told me this. I didn't say this. He told me this. He said, "We had a special game to see if you could play?" And I had played two years, why are they wondering if I can play. He said I hit a home run and a double, and he said “Okay, let's go.” This is what he is saying to Mr. Stoneham, who was the owner at that particular time. I played with Minneapolis about two months. I came to the Giants in May, 1951, 29th day. I remember that very well. I arrived in New York City on a Friday at four o'clock, scared to death, with three bats in my little briefcase, my glove. I didn't have a uniform, I didn't have a hat. I didn't wear a jockstrap in those times, but I came. I went to Mr. Stoneham's office, and he said, "Kid, here's your contract for $5,000." Boy, that was enough for me, okay.I got on the train, and I went to Philadelphia. I said, "Where is the clubhouse?” The clubhouse attendant said, "Over there." Now I go in and I know no one, but I said to myself, “Who is here?” And I remember, Monte Irvin is there, Hank Thompson is there. I know all those guys. I said, "It's like home week." Monte greeted me, they had Alvin Dark, Stanky, all southerners. I'm from Birmingham, Alabama. "How am I going to get along?" I said. But believe me, I tell you everyone has taken good care of me. I went out, and I met a guy by the name of Leo Durocher, again. He said, "Kid, there's the field. Go get it." One thing happened to me. I think it was just amazing that when I had batting practice, everybody stopped. “Okay,” I said to myself. "My God, what are they stopping for?” Everything I hit went out of the ballpark. Everything I hit went over the fence, and I said, "What kind of game is this, this baseball?" I don't understand this game, but during the game we had a guy by the name of Robin Roberts pitching. “Now I found out what kind of game this was.” Again, I said. I went 0 for 5. Roberts, boy he was tough. We won the game, though. Next day I came out, Leo said, "Go get 'em again, kid." I went 0 for 4 again. Knowing Leo, if you win, you are his boy, but don't lose. You are dead. So I went 0 for 4 again. So I came to the ballpark again the next day. I went 0 for 5 again. Now I'm worried. Here's the guy who's saying the first day, "What kind of game is this". All of a sudden I'm finding out what kind of game it is. I go to New York City and we won three straight there. Now I go to New York City, they build me up as writers do. You know that, fellas. You have built me up to the mountains, and I get no hits there again. I went into the clubhouse, and I was very disturbed. I said to Leo, "Hey man ,why don't you send me back to Minneapolis? I can't play in this league. It's too tough." Leo said to me two or three words, "Son as long as I'm manager of this particular ballclub, you are my center fielder. You do not have to hit, just go out and catch the ball." And from those words from Leo Durocher, I think gave me a little courage, but I say to you, this man over here must have heard those words, because the next day Warren Spahn was pitching. And to this day I say to Warren, "Warren, I think you laid that ball in there to me," because I got my first hit, it was a home run over the Polo Grounds, and I went on from there. I played ball in New York City for about five years. It was the greatest time I had in a long time. Mr. Stoneham, boy, he was picking up everything and he left. And he said, "Willie," and I say this with all respect, "you will go with me to San Francisco" Wait a minute, I'm not through with you out there, I'm up here. Hold on. He is a fine man. At that particular time, I didn't know where I was going. I had begun to love New York City. During the wintertime I went to San Francisco, and I had some problems - at first housing. The writers again had built me up to be the greatest centerfielder in baseball, but they forgot they had a guy by the name of Joe DiMaggio out there. And they said, "Hey, we have a centerfielder," and I said, "I'm sure you do, but I just come with the ballclub you know.” For about four or five years I had it a little rough, not because they didn't know baseball, it's just because I guess I had to grow on them a little bit. I really don't know. I think Mr. Stoneham realized that playing so many years in San Francisco, that I had to go to a different roost. And this was the only thing that I was very sorry in baseball, and I often say it to him, that when I was traded. Mr. Stoneham to me was another father. When I had a problem, of course, I was hitting home runs I remind you, when I had a problem I would go to this man and he would say, "What do you want son? You can have it.” He was my backbone, he was the guy with Chub Feeney over here, and I cried many days because I didn't know how to take care of money. I made the money, I spent the money. It went very quickly. The only thing I regret, and I say this publicly, that if he hadn't said to me, "Son, I'm sending you back home," I would have felt very good about it. But I remember one thing, a lady by the name of Mrs. Joan Payson said to me ten years ago, "Son, I will get you in New York if it takes the rest of my life." So when he said to me, "Where do you want to go?” There is only one place I want to go. I said, "New York City.” I don't really think I would have went to any other place but New York City for the simple reason is that I was growing old. I had no what you call power in my arm. It was all gone. But knowing the New York people and knowing how they react, they would understand me. I often thank the writers, because the last two years they gave me a lot of heart. I played no ball the last two years I was there. The last two years in New York City were what you call "gift years." If they said to me, “You gave us 18 years, we will give you two.” Over the course of my years with the New York Mets, Mrs. Joan Payson said to me, "You have a lifetime contract here.” I didn't need any contract with these people. She said this to me. I never repeated this to anyone because I didn't think I had to. The words that came out of her mouth, when she said, "Son, you are here to stay.” That was enough for me. Being in New York City my last two years brought together many, many things to me. How would you go, not having a college education, only finishing high school? What do you know? I said to myself, "My God, you are right". I have found many people in the business world have many jobs they want to give me. Not jobs of education, jobs dealing with people, young people, old people, all kinds of people. To me that's great. That tells me that the 22 years that I have played, it wasn't in vain. They were years I have given you. You have given me back in many, many different ways. When I look at the kids out here, I say to myself, "How can you put it on paper? How can you tell these young people what I did over 22 years?” They don't understand. All they know is what their mother, their father tells them. And when I write things in the paper, if I read it, that's not Willie Mays. I'd like to say to the kids of America, baseball is a wonderful game. It’s a game that I feel you should play. I played 22 years, I'm still standing. I play golf everyday, but the main thing is education. Education is the very meaningful thing in any walk of life. You could break a leg. I don't know if you understand, and forgive me if I'm talking this way because I have a son. He doesn't understand about what I'm trying to tell you, but if you've got that little document, and you go into an office, you don't have to beg. It's there. Baseball has brought me these things. Again, coming from Birmingham, Alabama, knowing nothing, coming to a man like Leo, and his ability to bring all the things out that I had in me, that little document would tell you all those things. And I say to you all over the world, coming to the Hall of Fame, I don't have any feeling right now, but tomorrow morning, when I wake up and I say to my wife, "Was yesterday my day?” I don't know, but I think you understand what I'm trying to say to you. In conclusion, I have played with two ball clubs in my lifetime - the San Francisco Giants and the New York Mets. I am deeply sorrowed that the San Francisco Giants didn't see fit to send me a uniform to give to you wonderful people in Cooperstown. I said to Mr. Joe McDonald last year, “I want a uniform.” I think something should be up here from Mrs. Joan Payson, not because she's dead, God bless her soul, but because of the things she did for me. Only two years, mind you, two years. And I say this not to embarrass the Giants by any means. Mr. Stoneham knows this. I would never embarrass him, but to me when you play 18 years with a ballclub, and when you give your life, and I mean life, I gave my life to baseball, you have to. No, I wasn't shortchanged. It was the people in the office do not understand Willie Mays, so I say to you, not with hate, forgive each and everyone. Thank you very much.   
