
    Thank you commissioner. Friends, sounds like all of you are. It’s too much. I don't know what to say, but I know that I want to share this with my family. You know, Ted said some nice things, but I had to live with this, because my wife, Bev loved Ted Williams. I'd go two for four, home run, 3 RBI's. I'd come home, she'd say, "You had a good day honey, but Ted got 3 for 4". So she really kept me on the ground and kept my head where it should be. My wife Bev. I have four children, now five being as my youngest son got married and I'd like to introduce them. My oldest son, Kevin, a good ballplayer in college, didn’t make the pro ranks but he's a good player. My son Kurt, and his wife Kim. He's a good athlete also. My daughter Pam, who's in love with Don Drysdale, Ron Fairly. And one, my last daughter, she's too young to go through any of this. She's a tremendous athlete, a volleyball player, Donna. We've lots of good friends out there, and needless to say I was raised during the depression. Now if any of you went through that era you know what is was like. That's why now we appreciate so many things that we couldn't afford then. I wore cardboard in my sneakers because my mother was saving her pennies for a new pair so we'd get a lot of cardboard all around the places. I want to thank Pete Rozelle for coming, but not only for that because Pete and I were high school teammates. In fact Pete dated Bev before I knew Bev. That's how close we are. Pete was my Boswell. In fact, playing football for Compton High School in southern California he was a writer for the school paper and also for the Long Beach Press Telegram and Pete was building me up so much to make all league in football. Well I made all-league in football, second team but made most valuable player in the league that’s how good he is. Thank you Pete. He brought along two fellows who were very instrumental in my athletic career. His uncle, Joe Rozelle and Bill Schleibaun, my coaches. Like Al said your mom and dad are something special. My father was raised in Cincinnati and Ohio area, Springfield, Ohio. And, he knew that all the ballparks in the National League had short right field fences so he put the bat on my left shoulder. I said, "Dad I'm right handed, I can hit right handed too". He says, "Your two steps closer to first base and the fences are closer, stay where you are perfect that first". Well, I guess he was right. But they did so much and my mother would just sit back and would shake her head, because we got in loud arguments and what have you but he sure taught me an awful lot and without them of course I wouldn't be here today. And without him getting me started in the right way I wouldn't have made itAnother man, sort of graduating up a little bit, that again I wouldn't be here without Branch Rickey, he's a Hall of Famer. Mr. Rickey was the type of man that put a dollar sign on a muscle. He could look at you and see five years from now. He called Gil Hodges and I into his office one day in 1947. Gil was the third string catcher, I was the sixth outfielder on the Dodgers. He told us both that someday we're going to be the two power hitters on the Dodger ball club. We looked at each other in bewilderment, and said what does he know that we don't know. We can't even crack the lineup. But what he did for me the next year, they moved Gil to first base, and he become one of the greatest first basemen I've ever seen. But what he did for me the next spring, I was in the batting cage at Vero Beach, Florida by the hour, probably three to four hours every morning and I did not know the strike zone. That's something that Joe and Bill didn't teach me, and anything that came to the plate looked good I had a whack at it. Missed it a lot, in the dirt, over my head, what have you. Mr. Rickey put me in that cage with an umpire in back of the cage, himself and George Sisler another Hall of Famer. They were in back of the batting cage, showing me and telling me the strike zone, and telling me what to do. I was up there without a bat, a catcher and an umpire in the cage with me and a pitcher. And it was amazing how wrong I was. I had to call every pitch, where it was. Then they put a bat in my hand, I was able to swing at each pitch and I had to do the same thing all over again, tell the umpire and tell Mr. Rickey and everybody where it was. And that alone, plus teaching me how to hit an off speed pitch to the opposite field, and I mean by this a left-handed batter to left center field. A pitcher, which John Carey was his name, used to stand in the cage by the hour and throw me nothing but slow curves and I was not allowed to hit a ball to the right-field side of second base. That taught me to wait on the ball and learn to hit the ball with power the other way. It ended up the ball started going 400 feet the other way. And without Branch Rickey and all his foresight, why I'd just been another ballplayer I guess, but I have to thank him and his son, Branch, Jr. because they were so great.The next man is Buzzie Bavasi, you dog! Thanks for coming Peter. Thank you for coming Ebbet. I'll tell you this man knew how to get the most out of me. I was moody. He had a way of getting things into the paper, Snider's going to be traded, he's going to be benched, what have you, and my wife would call him and say is this another plant to get him to play better and get him out of his slump. He said, ya, don't worry about it. But Bussie knew how to get the most of me, and I'd just like to thank him, and really appreciate him coming. Thank you Buzzy. Now for a few managers. I guess you can't go to wrong when you have the managers that I had. Jake Pitler, not many of you know Jake Pitler. He was my first manager. He's from Binghamton, NY, not far from here, I believe. Jake had me at the age of 17. If you think that wasn't a chore you got another thought coming, cause I was a wild outspoken young man. He got me going in the right direction. Then, sounds like a who's who, Leo Durocher, Burt Shotton, Charlie Dressen, Walter Alston Casey Stengel, Alvin Dark. All these men helped me as far as playing the game, learning the game and knowing what baseball was all about. They're all outstanding managers. I think Charlie Dressen probably got the most of of me as anybody, he and Buzzie, but it was just an outstanding array of men. And Casey Stengel, without him, with that year with the Mets I don't know what would have happened. I learned Stengelese, and asked to be traded after a year. But he was an outstanding guy and a lot of respect in both ways. We didn't like the Yankees you know, and to go over there, now I don't mean that as far as the players are concerned. We respected and liked all the players, but we disliked being the bridesmaid all the time, and it sort of ate at us inside, and we finally in '55 did what we were supposed to do years before, win the Championship. Just a couple of players I'd like to thank, and then we'll go on. Pee Wee Reese All the Dodger players that are here right now today, and all the players that ever played on a Dodger team have to thank Pee Wee in some way for making them a better person and a better player. And Pee Wee is not here today. He should be enshrined here. Pee Wee has outstanding numbers, but he also, the numbers that don't show, are we fellows that are getting into the Hall of Fame, and I think Sandy and Campy will agree with that. He helped us all, believe me. Carl Erskine, my roommate for ten years. Carl was the, he kept everything on an even keel in our room. He was a pitcher, a great guy, a great family man and he kept me right down where I belonged and was just a great association and relationship, and I just thank him for making me a better ballplayer also. Thank you Carl. We had others. The greatest competitor that I have ever seen or ever probably will see, Jackie Robinson. Jackie could not only beat you with the bat, the ball, the glove, his feet. I saw him win a game in Chicago one day with his mouth. He got the pitcher so mad that when he got up to the plate, it was Sam Jones of the Cubs. He is hollering at Sam in the batter's box. Now you don't see that. He was hollering terrible things at Sam. I was the batter and I heard something, someone yelling these obscene things at Sam and I turned around and I thought it was coming from the stands. It was Jackie. Jackie got up there, I popped out, struck out, whatever. Jackie got up there hollering at him. Sam got so mad he hit him in the ribs with the pitch. Jackie got to first and danced off first the way that he could do so well and Sam tried to pick him off and finally threw one wild at first base. Jackie went all the way to third, and he hollered from third, "I got 'cha now Sam, I'm gonna steal home.” Well he didn't steal home, but he kept needling Sam. He bounced the third pitch a curveball into the dirt. It went back to the screen and we won the ballgame. That was Jackie. The man to my left, Roy Campanella, was the stabilizer on the team, really. He kept us loose, he and his roommate Newcombe. Had many stories we could tell about them, believe me, and all true. One of those stories about Campy, he and Newk had outstanding years this one-year and won all the awards possible. The following spring we were in Cincinnati, Campy's batting about .125, and I didn't think Campy would ever do that, but he was at that particular time. Newk was about 0 and 5, and the year before they would go into all the hotels on the road, the telephones would ring all the time, and they finally had to call the operator and say we don't want any telephone calls unless it’s long distance or an emergency. She said, “OK.” And the mayors and everybody were calling to go somewhere. The next year when they were having, got off to these bad starts, Newcombe got on the bus, and he says, "hey roomie,” he says, “remember last year, he says we were getting all those calls and we had to call down and have the operator just put through long distance calls and emergency calls?” And he says, "Yeah, I remember that, roomie” And Newcombe said, "Yeah and you know what now we can't even get a wake up call. You hit .105 and me 0 and 5.” A couple more guys. I mentioned Gil. Gil was kind of a stabilizer for us also. He was cool and I never thought Gil would be as nervous as he was. He’d come back to the bench and his hands would be shaking, cause was always so cool out on the field. He was a needler and he was one of our dry humor guys who was just some more guts of our ball club. One more, Sandy Koufax and Don Drysdale. I'd like to put them together, because these two gentlemen became such dear friends of mine, and I got to know Sandy in 1955 and we became good friends. Drysdale came up in ‘56 and Drysdale took a few years off both our lives. Sandy, following him around. But the thing was that these two guys were so great and it was just a pleasure. I didn't play much when Sandy became the great pitcher that he was, but I could hardly wait to get to the ballpark, like some 50,000 others, to see him pitch every game he did. And Drysdale, of course a great friend and outstanding competitor, but they all helped in some way or another, and in closing I would like to thank the people from Montreal that came down today on the bus. That's real nice and I hope you've had a good time, as we all have. But thank everybody, the writers, everybody. I know I'm going to miss somebody and I'm sorry, but its a day where, its a little tough even gettin up here ya know! But I'd like to thank God, really, for including me in his master plan for being in the Hall of Fame, being a Brooklyn Dodger and a Los Angeles Dodger. Thank you very much.   
