
    

August 2, 1981
Mr. Mayor, Commissioner Kuhn,members of the Hall of Fame, ladies and gentlemen, and I should say baseballfans, because without
you baseball fans, none of uswould be here today.  Oh, years ago theWriters were telling me that I'd make the Hall of Fame so I kind of prepared aspeech. (laughter)  But somewhere alongin the 28 years it got lost. (laughter)
I have members of my family hereI'd like you to meet, my wife, Margie.  Ithink she had a little more faith than I did. Our daughter, Judy, and,  and her husband, John Chappell.   My grandson, Darren Mize.  I have a couple other people here I'd likeyou to meet, the Honorable Zel Miller, Lieutenant Governor of Georgia,  and our State Senator from our district, JohnFoster.  I want to thank them for takingout their time for coming here.
Back years ago, I guess, I'd haveto go back and say in our little town in Demorest, probably if it had this manypeople in it, it would tilt. (laughter) I was 15 years old, a sophomore in highschool, and Harry Forrester, coach at Piedmont College, came up to me one day,I'd played a couple of baseball games, and he says, "Come out for the collegeteam."  I said, "You gotta' bekiddin'."  So he talked me into it.I think it was something like a Tuesday morning I went out, he said,"well, come out and at least put on a uniform."  So I went out. Friday I was put in as a pinch-hitter,so I started out as a pinch-hitter and ended up as a pinch-hitter. (laughter)So I got a base hit, and the next day I started, and I finished the season.
The next year the county took overthe high school and the boys wanted to know if I was going to play with them andI said, "I can't, I'm in high school." We'll talk to the coach. So they said something to Mr. Forrester and hesaid, "Well, we'll fix it up.  Youcan take one subject­ in college and you can play on the team."  So I went out for the team and they didn'tmention the subject and I didn't either.
Then we came around to next yearand I just automatically went out and started playing when they started thefirst practice and probably the only record that will never be broken.  I don't know of any guy today that will playthree years of college ball while still in high school.  So while being in high school and playingwith a college team I naturally, you get a reputation but I'd have to say thatHarry Forrester is the one who started me on the road to the Hall of Fame. It'stoo bad he is gone, but I'm sure he's looking down.
You know as a kid there, once youstarted playing ball you hoped then to get to the major leagues or into proball, so I had a good opportunity in those days. I was playin' a little collegeball in every town within 30 miles. If they were playing a tough team they'dcall you and ask you to play with them on, whoever they were playing the nextFriday or Saturday. I played with, I don't know, eight or ten play-off teams,it's hard to say.  But there was a lumbercompany in a town, quite a little town now in Georgia, called Helen, Georgia. But the Morris Lumber Company out of Rochester, New York was the owners and operators ofthis lumber company, so they told someone in Rochester where the Cardinals had a ballclub there and they sent Mr. Rickey down to look me over.  And as usual he found me in another townplaying with another team, so that was back in 1930.  So we agreed to go up to Greensboro, NorthCarolina and finish out the season in Greensboro in the Piedmont League in 1930and I saw my first pro ball game sittin' on the bench and I think even there Istarted out as a pinch-hitter, got a base hit. I remember very well I fell overfirst base as I went around. I think I wanted to watch that ball all of thetime. And I think that might have made me a better hitter because I startedwatchin' the ball all the time.
I want to thank theVeterans Committee for electing me to the Hall of Fame. Sittin' around theother day talking to some people and some one said "Don't you think goingin by the Veterans is going in the back door? " I said, "No, lookwho's on the Veterans Committee, you see managers, general managers, ex-ballplayers,nearly all of them in the Hall of Fame, who would you want to pick you? Now they're your peers and when theypick you. I think you should be very proud of it.  And you know in Hollywood, if you're picked by your peers, you receive anOscar.  I take this opportunity to thankall of the people who have been sending me letters, calls from all over thecountry and they were stickin' with me even when I failed. They kept onwriting, so this will be an opportunity to thank all of those people and allthe people who worked so hard trying to get me into the Hall of Fame. And Ijust want to thank everybody. I can't do it personally, but this may be, thiswill get to a few of them and I want to thank all of the ones who have comehere from different places.  I've seenone or two from Florida, saw quite a few from Georgia.  Andhope to see you later on in the day. I want to thank 'em again for inviting meto Cooperstown. It's a little better invitation when you'regoin' into the Hall of Fame and it is a lot better when you are able to smellthe roses. Thank you.   
