
    Thank you. First of all I'd like to thank the members of the Baseball Writers' Association that voted for me. I would also like to thank my family. A number of them are here, all of them couldn't come because there aren't enough hotel rooms. I also would like to thank a great number of people that came from Omaha. There might be 20 or 30 people that drove up. And just for them caring, that many people come that far to see that you have an extra special day. It is extra special. I really feel uncomfortable talking about myself. I, unless it's in a smoked filled room, so I won't spend too much time talking about myself. No one ever gets to the Hall of Fame without the help of a lot of people and what I would like to do, I guess, would be to take you on a short trip from Omaha Nebraska to Cooperstown that started on November 9, 1935. And the first person, of course, and it goes without saying, is my mother. I only wish that she could be here today. She would have been very proud, much the same as I am. Also I would like for you to meet some of the members of my family, sitting in the front row is my wife, Wendy. My sister, Barbara. My sister, Beulah. My sister in law, Anita. My brother, Fred and my niece, Constance.My baseball career started, I guess, basically when I was about 10 years old. When I was born, I was relatively sick and I had, I still have him, an older brother, Josh, who one time came to the hospital where I was and told me if I get well, (I had a bout with pneumonia) he told me if I got well he was gonna' get me a baseball bat and glove and he was going to teach me how to play baseball. Well, that ended up pretty much true to form. He got me a baseball glove. He's the one responsible for me learning all the fundamentals of the game and by God did he teach me fundamentals. I never thought we were ever going to get a chance to really play in a ballgame. And it wasn't just baseball. He had a knack of getting me involved in baseball, basketball, track or whatever else and he taught me the fundamentals of all the games to a point that I was always a little bit ahead of kids my own age, so I would never play with those kids. I would always play with older kids. Because I knew the fundamentals so well and they were still learning them and I didn't have time to wait. As far as my playing is concerned, I guess I would have to say that there are a number of people that helped me grow up. First, would be my basketball coach at Technical High School, Neil Mauser. He helped teach me the importance of team play. One of the members who's here, my university basketball coach, Tommy Thompson, sitting in the audience, he also contributed, helped to teach me the responsibility As far as my professional career is concerned it started with the signing of a contract with the Omaha Cardinals. Bill Bergesch who is with the Yankees now, was general manager of the ball club and Runt Morrow, one of the scouts, they got together and signed me in. It's kind of a unique situation the way I did sign. Bill Bergesch used to always give baseball equipment, bats and balls to my brother Josh. Maybe he knew something then, I’m not sure. And at the time the College World Series was about to end and we weren't in the College World Series, but I was right there in Omaha where they play the College World Series. There were several scouts that were looking at me at the time, and I really didn't know which way to go and I was trying to get a big bonus at the time. I was looking for $35, 000, and that was a real big bonus and Bill Bergesch was the only one that actually told me the truth. He came to my house one day and he said, "Bob, I've been talking to a lot of the scouts", he said, "and the closest I can tell the closest you'll get to $35, 000 is three. (laughter) And you can hold on,” I said, "That's ok, Bill, I won't play baseball, I like basketball better anyway. So I'm going to try to play basketball.” He said, "Well, that's your prerogative, but at least I thought I should tell you that". And that is basically the reason why I signed with the St. Louis Cardinals. My first manager in baseball, and he's not here today, Johnny Keane. He was at Omaha at the same time and proved to be the first real manager that I ever had. I had a couple before then, but I didn't consider them. The first real manager that I had in major league baseball and he took over the ball club in 1961. Johnny Keane took the team over and told me that I was gonna be his fourth starter come hell or high water. He said, "That's it, don't worry about it, you'll get knocked around a little bit, you're gonna' go back out there. He showed me that he had confidence in me and I guarantee you that nobody can participate in any kind of sport without confidence. And when I realized that he had confidence in me then I felt that I had a lot in myself. Red Schoendienst, he probably had more confidence than anyone and is probably responsible for me winning as many ball games as I did. Red would leave me in there regardless of whether the score was 20 to nothin'. He figured that I would hold 'em and we'd get 21. As a matter of fact, (laughter) he's responsible for me losing 170 ball games or so. (laughter) Playing baseball was my life and it's something I devoted 100% to. And I feel that it's a great, great game and there are a lot of great people involved in the game. There have been a lot of great people involved and I hope that baseball will make an effort to retain some of these people so that the game can return to the quality that we once knew. . I'm gonna' get off of here before I do something I promised somebody I would never do. (Somebody says cry). I just want to leave you with one thought. One writer asked me a few days ago, what did I want to be remembered as, and I thought about it and I said, "I want to be remembered as a person, a competitor, that gave 100% every time I went out on the field". Sometimes I wasn't too good, but nobody could accuse me of cheating them out of what they paid to see. Again, I would like to thank everybody who came here to make this a special day and made an effort to make my life a pleasure. Thank you.   
