
    Thank you Mr. Commissioner. Fans, members of the Hall of Fame I'd like first before I get started here on a short one to introduce my family. First, my wife, Mrs. Jackson My daughter and her husband, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Fincher My son and wife and their three sons And I'd like to introduce my oldest grandson and his wife I also have some friends out there from El Dorado, Arkansas, Texarkana, Arkansas and Waldo, Arkansas. Will you please stand. Oh, its a great thrill to be standing up here before all these boys. I'll tell ya right now, men, I should say. And especially the ones that are comin in with me this year. On that old Giant team, I was never on but one big league team, while I was up there. And they've been great ones from the day that I joined them, and as of today there's almost two complete infields of which is George Kelly, Bill Terry and the second base, Roger Hornsby and Frank Frisch, second base, Bancroft, third base, Freddy Lindstrom. And in the outfield, Casey Stengel, Edd Roush, Mel Ott and Ross Youngs. And now for the pitchers in the Hall of Fame, Carl Hubbell, Waite Hoyt and Burleigh Grimes. That's a pretty good bunch to be inducted into right today me. Up in the hotel there, there's so many young fans. They are all over the place and they want autographs and you hate like the mischief to turn one down and we have been signin as many things as we possibly can because that is the future fans of baseball. Hmm, forgot it. Almost everyone, I'd say seventy five percent, always ask the question, "what was your greatest thrill?" That would have to start back in 1921 when I entered the ballpark at Little Rock, the first time I'd ever seen one that size. I think it would hold at least 4500 people and I was awed. I went out there to try to play a ball game and they had to hold up my pants with a cotton rope. If they had ever asked in 1922 what was a great thrill. But when they told me I'd been sold to the New York Giants. And after that, in the World Series of 1923, and again in 1924. And back to 1923 when John McGraw traded Bancroft to Boston the sports writers kinda gave him a goin over for breaking up a pennant winning team and putting a kid shortstop in for 1924. But it worked out. I was lucky enough that we won the pennant although we lost it to Washington. In 1927 and 1929 for in there for about five years the newspaper men from the American and National League had a Babe Ruth All America Team. They voted on it and called it the Babe Ruth All America Team. I won that honor in 1927 and 1929, and believe you me I had some competition Those breathing on my heels was Glenn Wright and Joe Cronin. And the next in 1933. We won the pennant again. Bill Terry, a great manager, took a sixth place finish in 1935, I mean ‘32 and in 1933 won the pennant with it and we won the series from Washington. All of those were great experiences. And then later on we won it again in 1933 that was the one 1933 and we won it again in 1936 which was my last year playing. I'm glad to say that I went out on a big league club and in a World Series. Later on after, I'd quit baseball, I was voted into the Arkansas Hall of Fame with Bill Dickey. Now that was another great one to be there with. And after that, well there wasn't very much that I could see coming, but all of a sudden it was the National Hall of Fame. And ladies and gentlemen that's it.   
