
    Thank you very much, Commissioner Kuhn, League Presidents, other distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen. I feel a great sense of humility, gratitude and appreciation for this day. And for what it means to me and my family. I'm extremely proud to be joining a group of men who performed on the baseball field. Epitomized the highest and the best in professional athletics. I am pleased to be joining them in the company of Travis Jackson, Happy Chandler, and Frank Robinson some of baseballs greatest. Also feel especially proud to be standing here where some years ago Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella paved the way and made it possible for Frank and me and for other blacks, hopeful in baseball. They proved to the world that a mans ability is limited only by his lack of opportunity. The sheer majesty of this occasion and this significant overwhelms me. For truly I reflect on my life and particularly on my 23 years in baseball. I am reminded of a statement I once read, and I quote, "the way to fame is like the way to heaven. Through much tribulation.”It had been for me, to quote a very popular song, “the long and winding road.” Never the less, I have been extremely blessed in my lifetime. I stand here today because God gave me a healthy body, a sound mind and talent. For 23 years I took the talent that God gave me and developed it to the best of my ability. Twenty three years ago I never dreamed this high honor would come to me. For it was not fame I sought, but rather the best baseball player that I could possibly be. I grew up in a home where there were little in the way of material goods. But there was an abundance of love and discipline. We therefore had much to share. And so too is this occasion, is this an occasion for sharing, an occasion for thanksgiving. For I did not make this journey alone. A lot of people contributed in a lot of difference ways to my success as a professional baseball player. And to them I owe a deep debt of gratitude. The list is far to long for me to mention all of then however, I must mention a few. I would like to acknowledge the presence of my parents, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Aaron. Without whose love and encouragement this day could not have been. My wife, Billye. Who brought an awful lot of sunshine into my life. And I would like to introduce my children, Gail, Hankie, my oldest son, Larry, Dorenda and CiCi . Who have been supportive and understanding of my long absences away from home. My sisters and brothers who have always been some of my biggest fans. My teammates of the Milwaukee Braves, Atlanta Braves and the Milwaukee Brewers. Thank you. I want to thank the wonderful people of Milwaukee and Atlanta where I spent my baseball career. I also would like to thank Mr. John Mullin who was introduced earlier, Mr. Bill Bartholomy and also my boss, Mr. Ted Turner from the Atlanta Braves. Thank you for coming. And we also have, sitting on the front seat, Mr. Al Farnwell, the executive Vice President. Thank you very much for coming. (applause Finally I would like to thank some special friends and family who traveled here to be with me on this occasion. From Atlanta, Dr. Benjamin E. Mays, an ardent baseball fan, distinguished educator and President Emeritus of Morehouse College, who today celebrated his 88th birthday. Thank you very much Dr. Mays. I would like to thank the Lockets, Sam Franco. My inlaws, the McDaniels and the Swedes. Permit me also to express a special thanks to Mr. Walter Dunn and Mr. Carl Ware and other executives from the Coca Cola company for their presence and for providing transportation for my children and some of their friends from Atlanta. Including Marvin Harrington, Former Mayor Maynard Jackson, and Congressman White Fowler and their are many other friends here. And their are many other friends here who I just cannot mention all of them. All of you have touched my life in a very positive way. I'm so very grateful to you and so very pleased that you could share this evening with me. Thank you very much.   
