
    Mr. Commissioner, honored inductees, Hall of Famers and ladies and gentlemen. To say that I would rather be some place else other than here I'd have to hedge a little bit on it because I'd possibly like to be in Houston, Texas with the San Francisco Giants. They played yesterday they played a doubleheader. They won the first game and there’s rumors they lost the second game. Wait a minute now I can take credit the first game they didn't realize I was gone and I'm sure the second game they realized I was gone they didn't know what to do. But the way Commissioner Chandler got to rollin' up here I was beginning to wonder if I was going to miss tomorrow night's game in Atlanta. I just want to say to Travis Jackson I hope you read where Luke Appling hit a home run in the old timers game in Washington the other day. I just want to let you know that I'm gonna have a try out right after the ceremonies. I'm gonna have the same pitcher that pitched to Appling pitch to you Warren Spahn. To Hank, I just like to say I've been chasing him for a long time. Always seemed like I was a step behind or a year behind. I broke in, in Columbia, S.C. in 1954. Down there after I was opened up for half a season in Ogden, Utah. And the talk of the league was all about Hank Aaron the way he tore up the league, the way he did this, the way he did that. Two years later I was fortunate enough to make it to the major leagues and Hank was an established major leaguer at that time and the talk was about Hank Aaron And the comparison continued. And I must say we had a long and friendly rivalry on the field and I said this to Hank in New York where he was introduced as being elected to the Hall of Fame. But I think he made me a better baseball player because of that, because when Hank would get up with the Milwaukee Braves hit a home run, I'd be standing in the outfield watching it go over. I said, well this is up to you when you get up there you gotta try to do something as well if not as good, cause your teammates are going to be expecting the same, and my neck got sore watching Hank Aaron's fly balls go over the fence. But he was a tremendous athlete, tremendous ballplayer and it’s been sad that he didn't get his just dues as a player and I agree, because Hank Aaron was not a flashy individual. He just went about his job and did it very well. But what I also admired about Hank Aaron, not only his athletic abilities, I admired him as a human being and an outstanding person. But I must say that I thought I had drawn even with Hank when we were elected to the Hall of Fame, but I read where he was twelfth and I was thirteenth. I'm going into the Hall of Fame before he does. So, I finally got ya buddy.A lot of people have said to me what makes you go, what makes you tick, what makes you so determined. And I have a lot of thoughts on it. I've expressed them. But maybe as I stand here today and reflect back to Oakland, California when I was a youngster, and all I can remember is a young man standing on first base as a ground ball hit the shortstop and I went into second base with a nice slide and I got up and my pants were torn. I looked down and had the raspberries bleeding a little bit. I didn't think too much about it 'til I got home and my mother scolded me about that about tearing the pants and I just said, "there's nothing to it, mom." But I think that was the stage that set the determination in everything the way I played the game. And a lot of people say there's nothing wrong with that, that's the way baseball is supposed to be played your suppose to slide in if there's a forceout at second base. But what you don't realize is that field was covered by asphalt. I have never claimed to be smart. So my career took off from there and I was blessed I think to come across a man that set the foundation for my baseball career and made it my life in general, and that man a lot of you will not recognize the name is George Powles. He was my sandlot coach, and high school coach, American Legion coach in Oakland, California. And he was a dedicated man. He gave to the youth of Oakland his time, his knowledge and his ability that he knew what it would take to play baseball. And what he taught me was how to play the game of baseball the way it should be played and that is to give 100 percent at all times. Do whatever you can do to win a ballgame, short of hurting anyone intentionally. But also I think the biggest thing that he gave to me, and the youth of Oakland was he also taught us how to lose and accept it. Not be happy about it, but how to accept it graciously. Because we all can't win all the time and you have to be able to accept defeat and build from that. George Powles gave me the foundation I'm still building on. And I just want to give him his just dues, and I want to say to George Powles, thank you for all the youth of Oakland because I know they appreciate it like I did and still do. And he is still a good friend of mine, and he still comes out to the ballpark and builds up my confidence when we've had a tough loss, and I appreciate it. I would like to take this moment, right now, before I forget it, and I hope he's here because he'll know what I'm talking about because this man touched his life too. If Curt Flood is in the audience please stand up Curt. He wasn't a bad baseball player either. I'll tell you one thing he touched my life and we played a little bit together in Oakland. I think Curt was the first ballplayer to really make a sacrifice toward free agency and I don't think he has ever gotten the thanks he so richly deserves for doing that for today's players. I can't say that, Curt, because they don't have free agents for managers.I am not gonna stand here and go over my career because I think it’s well documented and I'd have to hit on some tough times too. But a lot of people ask me, aren't you upset about not getting 3,000 hits, not getting 600 home runs. And I said, "No I'm not and I don't think I have to apologize for getting 2,943 hits and 586 home runs." I've also been told if I'd gotten only three more hits a year I'd gotten 3,000 hits anyway. But if I had wanted to go after personal goals I could interested myself into the lineup much more often in Cleveland when I was a player manager, but as a manager I had better sense than that. I knew I had better ballplayers thank Frank Robinson at that time so I played the best that I had. But the thing about it is when I came into baseball and I had ten wonderful years in Cincinnati and a lot of people associate me only with Baltimore. But I had ten wonderful years with Cincinnati until the owner of the ball club saw fit to trade me. And that was alright too because that part of the game but after the deal was made the media asked him for an explanation of why and he said because Frank Robinson is an old 30. He's over the hill. And I said, “he's got a little truth in that.” I turned 30 a few months ago and I want to say I'm closer to 31 than I am to 30. But I knew I wasn't over the hill. I think that's what really turned me around as a player and as a person. Because I felt like really I had something to prove. Not on the baseball field, not as a person, and not to myself, and not to the fans of Cincinnati and not to the fans of baseball. But to Bill Dewitt, that I was not over the hill. I think going to Baltimore was a turning point in my life. When the trade was made I was eating dinner and the phone rang and Phil Seghi was on the other end of the phone. He said, “you've been traded to Baltimore.” I said, “who?” “To Baltimore.” I asked him who for. He mumbled three names and I hung up the phone. And my wife asked me, she says, “who was that?” I said that was Phil Seghi. She said, “what did he want?” And I said, “I've been traded to Baltimore.” She said, “where?” (laughs) I said, “we've been traded to Baltimore.” I didn't mind the trade. I honestly didn't, but I was shocked and I was hurt at first because that was the first time I felt like I had failed. And I really took a while to recover from that. But after I thought about it for awhile, I said, “hey look, your going to a good ball club. They've been close twice. You go over there and just do what you’re capable of doing. Maybe you can help them win.” And I really didn't realize at the time, until I got there, what a great situation I was walking into. Not only was I walking into a good ball club, and being associated with some outstanding individuals, such as Brooks Robinson, Boog Powell, Jim Palmer, people like that. I was walking into a great situation as far as an organization is concerned. It’s the greatest organization that I feel like in baseball. And I know they're better. I know there are other good organizations in baseball. And I've been associated with quite a few of them. But as a player I must say those are the happiest years of my playing career. Not only was I a more relaxed type player. And I guess that you realize my ambitions to be in another World Series. I was in one in Cincinnati but on the losing end. And everything fell into place in 1966. For good reason. Because we did it on the field. I think one of the main reasons was the organization itself. And the people behind it. You know they say behind every good man is a good woman. And that's true. But behind every good organization, ballclub, there's a good organization. That's true. And Baltimore has an outstanding one. I get a little deeper into that as I go on. And I'm not going to be up here as long as the commissioner. I promise you that. (laughs) But the only regrets I have about my relationships with Baltimore was that my playing career was to short. It only lasted six years. But the love affair that I have with Baltimore, the organization, the city and the people that run that ball club and the people that were associated when I was there. The love affair that we have still goes on. In 1972 I had to leave. I had a brief stop with the Dodgers. I had a short stop with California Angels. And I went over to Cleveland Indians. And almost completely through the 1974 season they asked me to become manager of the ball club in 1975. I became the manager of the Cleveland Indians, player manager. And that was another stage of my career that I'm very grateful for. But to wrap up my playing career, I must say that a lot of people touched my life and a lot of people had to do with my playing career, a lot of people had to do with me, maturing and growing up as an individual. And a lot of people helped me over some tough, tough, hurdles. But I think one of the men that helped me the most was the one that gave me my first managing job down in the Caribbean Islands. He was named Jerem Quavos. He was the owner of the San Touriste ball club down there. He put up with me for eight years down there. And what he did for me when I became a manager in big leagues I cannot explain. For we could sit for hours and talk about strategies, what I could do, what I could become, become a manager, if I ever did in major leagues. But also what Jerem Quavos did for me is he was open and honest with me as a person. And he was able to show me and tell me how other people saw me. And I was able to sit and listen and understand and stand back and say, hey, maybe I am not as nice, and maybe I am a little tough on people, maybe I am a little standoffish. And I said, I am gonna try my best to correct it. And I have. I have tried to change for the better and to this day some people say that's not to much. But I assure you that its much better than I used to be. And I am just happy and pleased to know when I introduce friends and people that I feel like is important to me, I'm gonna leave somebody out. And that always happens. But I just want everyone to know everyone to know that their in my thoughts today. I appreciate everything that they did for me, have done for me, and still are doing for me. And I just want them to know that they are in my thoughts today and without their help, their prayers, I wouldn't be standing here today. Because for a young boy in Oakland, California playing on an asphalt baseball field, he didn't dare dream. Not even dare think. Wouldn't even dare let the thought enter his mind that he would one day be standing up here. Being inducted into the Hall of Fame. But it has happened. And I thank the Lord for giving me the God given talent to play the greatest game in this country. I would just like to really introduce some of my friends that are here. As I said, don't feel slighted if I miss somebody. I would just like to start off with introducing a young lady and I must admit, Peter O’Malley, is a true Dodger fan. She's from Los Angeles, California. Rita Atkinson and her daughter Patti and Jenny. A young man who I have been associated with for a. very short period of time but has become a real good friend of mind, Bill Specom. Also, some very good friends of mine from Los Angeles, California, Freddy Glance, his wife Bonnie, and their son Johnny. And someone says, you know a bad penny always shows up. And sure enough, she dubbed herself this, I didn't. But when I came to Baltimore, it was very difficult for me going to a new city and a new league to concentrate on baseball and also worry about my family off the field. But I was accepted, my family was accepted in Baltimore off the field and that made it much easier for me to concentrate on baseball on the field. And just a couple of people that had something to do with that is Steven and Marcy Kolatni. Marcy is the bad penny. I also would like, I know he was introduced earlier. But I just want to let him know that I appreciate everything that he did for me when he was at Baltimore. He did become the general manager and we had no contract hassles. I would go in and ask for what I wanted and he would say, “no, you can't have it.” I said, “what are gonna offer me.” And he says, “that's it, take it or leave it.” And I would sign, no hassles. Frank Harrison. I alluded to earlier about the Baltimore Organization But I would just like to go a little deeper and tell you about a man that I was associated with there who became the owner of the ball club the same year that I was traded in 1966. And what stands out in my mind about this man is that he cared about his ballplayers personal life. And just an example, after a ball game he would come in the club house every night he was in the city, and he wouldn't come over and slap you on the back and said nice game winning home run. Nice double or nice play or nice catch or nice pitch or whatever. He wouldn't do that. The first words out of his mouth were, “How are ya? How's the family? Is there anything that I can do for you?” And that to me, was the greatest significant that an owner of a ball club could do for me. Because you know that glad back slapping, you can get that anywhere. But this man was very sincere. And I looked up on him and I came to know him not only as the owner of the ball club but as a friend. And he’s still a friend today, and I feel like he'll always be a friend of mine. And that man is Jerry Hofberger and his wife, Allison. And I know I touched briefly on my career and what I'm doing and where I'm drawing a check. And believe me those come in very handy. The man that's signing my checks today is another individual who I think is a very unique individual and the one regret that I have, and I mean this sincerely, because he is an outstanding person, one of the nicest people that I have ever been in contact with and ever be in contact with in baseball and that I'm only the manager of his ball club and I'm not able to play for him, because I would have liked to play for this man. When I was at the top of the peak of my career because as a manager, right now, I would like nothing better to do than bring him a and there's not much that I can do about it if the players don't do it. But if I was a player at the peak of my career, maybe I could get a home run and win a few more ballgames. But right now, Bob, I, all I can do is stand at a dugout, give the signs and hope they'll come through. But this man is doing everything he can do to turn around the San Francisco organization. And again, like Jerry, he is a friend. He's just not my boss; he's my friend. And any problems I have of my family have I can go to him with them and if they can be corrected, he will. Bob Lurie and his wife Connie. And you know the old saying that you save the best for last. And I'm very fortunate. I came from a family of ten. And they said, how'd you get such quick hands. Well, when you sit down at the table to eat with 10 kids, you better be quick. Less you don't get anything to eat. And I was a thin kid when I was coming up. Because one of my brothers was not only fast with his hands but he would stack his plate so high that there was nothing left when I got round to reaching for whatever else was on the table. But I feel very proud because today they haven't been able to do what they can do today and that is, stand up and take a bow. They've always been in the background. They've always been in the shadow, they've always been standing back, not getting any credit. But I know that they know and I hope they do, if they don't, they know today. Two of them are here today. I appreciate everything that they did and all the sacrifices that they made. When I was coming along as a kid. Because I didn't have to do any of the chores around the house only because they made the sacrifices for me. I would say, hey, Johnny or Sylvester, mom wants me to cut the lawn but I got a game to play and they would say go ahead. And off I would go. I got to to say well, this is easy. And even if I don't have any baseball games to play and I'm gonna get out of the chores I can just say I do. So a few times I did say that and I didn't have any games to play. So I'm confessing today. But I just want them to know that they always were with me, they were always standing up front, never in the shadow, never in the backgrounds as far as I was concerned. Everytime I took a bow accepting an award or whatever, I was accepting for them and all the other brothers and sisters in my family and my whole family. I would just like to introduce them now. My brother, Johnny. my brother Sylvester and his wife Verdice. I just haven't forgotten and I would like to say to all my friends in Baltimore and wherever in baseball, especially section 34, thank you, appreciate you for coming, I love ya. (chants) Now, really the icing on the cake. You're talking about somebody being proud. No one is as proud of the two young people in my household than I am. They've had to put up with an awful lot. They've had to make an awful lot of sacrifices. Because I've been jumping and running all around the country. And I don't think they really knew what was really going on because it was like a carnival to them and they enjoyed it when they were young. A new place here during the winter and new place here during the summer. And they enjoyed it. But I think as they've gotten older, they've come to appreciate and I want them to know that I appreciate the sacrifices that they have made so that I could pursue my career. Because I know I wasn't always at home when I should have been and they were growing up. I said I wasn't gonna do it. (Sniffles) I just want them to know that they were always in my thoughts and what I was doing was trying to make really a better life for them, and a good life for them. But all I want them to know is that they are a jewel in my triple crown and that my daughter, Nichelle. And my son, Frank Kevin. And now Mr. Commissioner Kuhn, Mr. MacPhail, Mr. Feeney, I know that this is well documented how tough I am on umpires and you have to put up with me. I've been awful tough on some of them but I tell you one thing, the person I'm gonna introduce next will tell you that's just a piece of cake for what she's had to put up with. I've been married to my wife for 20 years. That's a little bit behind you Happy. But I tell you she has really been the driving force behind me, my life as a baseball player, as a person, I think she's brought out the quietness, shy type of individual that I used to be and made me more of a talker away from home. Around the house I'm not able to get any words in. Because her mouth is going like this 24 hours a day and even when she sleeps she talks. Our house is a two story house and I watch television very late and we have the remote control. You know, click, click, click. I'll change the stations often and I'll come upstairs after I turn the television off to go to bed and she's asleep. I'm not kidding. She says, “Frank, you always click, click, clicking that television.” And I say, “what you say?” And she's asleep. So she's even talking in her sleep. But I just want her to know that she's done an awful lot for me and I'm awful proud of what she's done for me. Because when I was still trying to get my career together and further my career and think about things I wanted to do when I was through playing as an active player, I would go to Barbara and I would say, “Barbara what do you think I should do? I got the opportunity to manage in Puerto Rico this winter. What do you think I should do?” She said, “Frank whatever you want to do, do it. The kids and I will adjust to your life. Don't worry about us.” And I'll tell you one thing. Again, playing this game of baseball, trying to be, to stay on top, is tough enough. But when your family is behind you 100 percent, you don't have to worry about them and they are pulling for you all the time and whatever you do you know the are behind you, fail succeed or whatever, it makes you feel awful good and cannot say enough about her and all I can say is Barbara, stand up and take a bow. That's one person that I wish was here today but is not and that's my mom. She passed away in 1980, but fortunately she was able to see me achieve most of the thing's I achieved in baseball. She saw me become the first manager in the major leagues. And she almost held on and watched me become the second manager, black manager, no I won't say that, I take that back. That is not true. She almost watched me become the 4th manager, black manager in the major leagues. And the first one in the National League. But what she did for me I cannot say enough about and I won't try to go into it. But all I want her to know today is that I appreciate and thank her for everything that she did the encouragement that she gave me, the guidelines that she laid down for me to live my life by. I didn't always go by those guidelines but I tried to and I just want to let her know that she's here with me today and I know she is and thanks mom, for everything you did for me. In closing, I would just like to say, a special thanks to Roy Campanella, and all, and Jackie Robinson, to all the black baseball players and professional baseball Negro league too. For the sacrifices that they made, and the things that they had to put up with to make the road easier for the players, the black players that have come along today. They opened the doors. And without Jackie, Rachel, I don't know if that door would've been open again for a long, long time. I know I couldn't have put up with what he put up with and if that door hadn't stayed open and it was closed I know for many, many years it would have been closed to us and I just want all the black players wherever they are to know that I appreciate what they did for me. To make it possible for me to play in the major leagues. Thank you all for coming today.   
