
    Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Like George Kell said, I'd never know if I choke in baseball, but I am very nervous today. Thank you. The honor which is bestowed on me today I accept on behalf of my family, my country, the Dominican Republic, and all the people who assisted me in making my baseball career a reality. A very special thanks to the San Francisco Giants, my teammates and the fans for whom I had the privilege to play for 13 years. It is indeed an honor and a pleasure to join the baseball greats who are enshrined here in Baseball Hall of Fame. I wish you would give me a little moment to say a few things in Spanish because we have a lot of people from the Dominican Republic here today. (the following is the interpretation is Juan's speech in spanish.)I accept the honor conferred on me today in the name of my family, my country, the Dominican Republic, and all those who helped me make my baseball career a reality. My special thanks to the San Francisco Giants, my teammates, the fans; with whom I have had the pleasure of playing for 13 years.It is truly an honor, a pleasure to join the baseball greats who are enshrined in the Hall of Fame. I wish to give special thanks to those who are with me here today from the Dominican Republic. I know that many of them have made great sacrifices to be here with us on such a special day, and I know that many who are not here would wish to be here, but of Santo Domingo is far enough away that too great a sacrifice would be required; but I know that in spirit, they are here with me. I wish to give a special salute to Mr. Alvarez and his wife, who are here with our friends. A special salute to Margarite Copello, who brought a group of a little over 100 people here from Santo Domingo here on this day. And I want to thank all here this afternoon, most especially my wife, Alma, who is here in the front row, Ursula Raquet; Rosie, Elsie, and Marichal, who are all here. Ladies and gentlemen, it is a great honor to be here today, and thank you very much. Thank you.  
