
    

Thank you Commissioner. I don't know, I was used as a clean up hitter a few times but this is the toughest clean up hitting I've ever done. To follow guys like Rick Ferrell and Don Drysdale and Pee Wee Reese, Luis Aparicio. This is a tough job. Commissioner, inductees, honored guests, families, ladies and gentlemen and friends and I do mean friends because if you weren't a friend of baseball you wouldn't be out there today and we're very thankful that you could join us. Thank you very much. (applause) 
I was born and raised in a little town in Idaho called Payette and when I was eight years old my father gave me my first baseball glove. He was a great athlete. He played football for James Milligan University in Illinois and then he played at West Virginia Wesleyan under the great Greasy Neal who not only was the great football coach for the Philadelphia Eagles but he also played baseball for the Cincinnati Reds. And it was through my father’s insistence and persuasion I guess to insist that I participate in sports, not only in baseball, but in football and basketball and a little track, that I became acquainted with this great American pastime. I grew up in this small town in Idaho and my father used to like to go to the movies and I'll never forget that a lot of times on warm summer evenings like this my father would take my brother, Bob, and I to the movies and then after the movie was over he would race us home. He'd always win. He was a man that took a great deal of pride in his children. I'll never forget, we used to play a lot of ball out in the front yard and my mother would say, "you're tearing up the grass and digging holes in the front yard?', and my father would say, "we're not raising grass here, we're raising boys." (applause) Harmon Clayton Killebrew, Sr. would be very proud today and I wish he were here and somehow I know he is. Believe me, I know he is. 
Excuse me. I don't know how these fellows ahead of me kept from being to emotional because to me this is an emotional experience. There's another person that I wish to thank today that's still living in that small town in Idaho. She's 89 years old and that's my mother, Katherine. (applause) She encouraged me with the unique great attitude about life and she couldn't be here today but my awe at her in a very special way and thank her for, I really thank her for my very being. And I would also like to thank my brothers, Gene and Bob and my sister Eula who encouraged me in my early formative years when I was growing up. But there's a certain blonde girl from Idaho that's here today that encouraged me about as much as anyone else and she's still doing that. She's here today and I'd like to introduce her, my wife Elaine. (applause) I'm also very proud of my family and many of them traveled from great distances to be here with their spouses and I'd also like to introduce them. My son, Cam, his wife Monica and their son, Todd. Todd's a little sleepy right now but he's there. They came from Austria to be with us. (applause) My son, Ken, came from Seattle. Ken, I'm glad you're here. (applause) My daughter, Char and her husband, Rick, came from England. (applause) Cathy and her husband Scott came from Scottsdale to be with us. (applause) And the baby of the family, Erin, will be a sophomore at Brigham Young University this fall. (applause) I'm glad there here to enjoy this great experience. I've also got so many friends here that came for many, many miles to be with us here on this great occasion. My two business partners, Ralph Harding and Doug Harper. I'm glad that they could make it. They've been great supporters since my retirement from the game of baseball. I started playing baseball at eight years old. Not organized, of course, because in those days we didn't have the great little league programs that produce such great baseball players as we have today but we had what they call Knothole Baseball and then I played five years of American Legion baseball and of course, in high school I played some semipro ball before I started to play professionally. And I want to thank those teammates in those years that I played with, at least one of them is here today, because they gave me a great deal of help too in those early years. 
If you'll permit me, I'd like to tell a story that I've told on many occasions but I think you'll realize why I'm telling this story. I talk to a lot of major league scouts like all these gentlemen up here have talked to over their formative years and I had decided to play baseball and football at the University of Oregon and we had a United States Senator from my home town by the name of Herman Welker and Herman Welker was a great friend of Clark Griffith of baseball and he used to go out to old Griffith Stadium a lot and he told Mr. Griffith about a young boy out in Idaho he thought could hit the ball pretty well and I think more than anything else, just to keep Senator Welker quiet, Mr. Griffith sent Ossie Bluege out to see me who was the farm director of the Washington club at that particular time. A former great third baseman with Washington. And Mr. Bluege came out to that little town in Idaho. He rented a car in Boise, Idaho and drove through the rain 60 miles to that little town and it didn't look like we were going to play the ballgame that day, it had rained very hard, and I'll never forget that I sat in Mr. Bluege's car and we talked about going to Washington, that the club wanted me to work out with them and I said, "well, I really appreciated that but I was going to play football and baseball at the University of Oregon," and we talked and the skies cleared and the townspeople there, knowing that a major league scout was there hurriedly got the field in order and we played that ballgame that night and that night I happened to hit a ball over the left field fence and I'd been going to that ballpark since I was a small boy and never had seen anyone hit a ball over that left field fence. It was over 408 feet down the left field line and no one that I can recall had ever hit one over there in previous years and when I hit one that night, Mr. Bluege went out the next morning and stepped it off and he immediately called Mr. Griffith and he said it was 435 feet or so in a beet field, not a potato patch and he thought that was a pretty good hit for a seventeen year old boy from Idaho. He left a contract in Senator Welkers law office and went back to Washington and I talked that over with my older brother. My father had passed away by then, and my mother decided that baseball was what I wanted to do with my life and so I signed the contract, And it was so, it was through the recommendation of Ossie Bluege that I am standing here this day. Mr. Bluege is here and I would like to recognize him. (applause) Thank you Ossie. I'll never forget joining the ballclub in Chicago and I'd never seen a major league ballgame before and the second day I was there they put me in as a pinch runner if you can believe it. I got to first base and Walter Dropo was playing first and he was about, looked like he was, at least to me, he looked like he was 9 feet tall. Nellie Fox was at second, I happened to get to second base though I can't remember how I got there and before Luis Aparicio they had another Latin American shortstop with the White Sox, Chico Carrasquel, he was a shortstop. (applause) And I was beginning to wonder what in the world I was doing there with those fellows. Well, I stayed with that ballclub for a couple of years and then I went to the minor leagues and then finally one spring I happened to be playing a little third base, and of course in those days Washington had a great third baseman by the name of Eddie Yost and it took a trade of Eddie Yost to the Tigers to give me an opportunity to at least, or a chance to play, but that in itself really didn't do it. In the spring of '59 at the insistence of one man, who at that time took over the running of the Washington ballclub, Calvin Griffith. 1 was inserted in the lineup at third base, opening day I hit a home run and as the commissioner told you won the last day of the season to tie Colavito for my first home run championship. And Calvin Griffith is here today and I certainly want to recognize the fact that I appreciate Mr. Griffith insisting that I be put in that lineup. Calvin, thank you very much. (applause) Calvin's been a credit to baseball in the American League and I, for one, and I know many, many people are going to miss you when you are no longer in baseball. Thank you. One of my great heroes in baseball was Ted Williams and I'll never forget, I wish Ted was here today, I'll never forget Ted saying to me, you know it's a shame that you didn't grow up in California where the weather was great. Maybe you could have been a better hitter. Well, maybe I could have been a better hitter, Ted, if I'd have grown up in California, but I'll tell you one thing, I'm thankful that I grew up in the great state of Idaho and for the great people in the state of Idaho that have supported me over the years. What a wonderful place to be born and raised. Many people from Idaho are here today and I'm happy to see them here. I was extremely appreciative when the Minnesota organization moved to, or the Griffith organization moved to Minnesota from Washington although I was apprehensive about it because I loved to play in Washington. Those were great years playing for the Washington Senators. (applause) But I quickly learned that Minnesota was my kind of place and the fans there were my kind of people and are my kind of people. (applause) We enjoyed some great years in Minnesota. We had some great ballclubs, at least four former Minnesota Twins that I played with are here today. A couple of them were on the 1965 pennant winning ballclub that we played against. A couple of these guys that are up here. Koufax and Drysdale. Jim Kaat and Bob Allison are here today and I want to thank them for being here with me. (applause) I think I'd be remiss if I didn't thank all the teammates that I played with over the years because you certainly can't get here by yourself and I thank you. I thank all the managers that I played for over my career. From Bucky Harris, who was my first manager, right on down the line to Dressen, Lavagetto, Mele, Ermer, Bill Rigney, Quilici, McKeon, Herzog, they were all great. They helped me tremendously. Although I didn't finish my career at Minnesota, I played my last year at Kansas City, I thank the Kansas City Royals organization too. They're great. Mr. Kauffman, I thank you for the opportunity of playing with the Royals. I'm especially proud today to be here to take part in the last official act of our great commissioner, Bowie Kuhn. (applause) In my book, an excellent job well done and I for one will certainly miss him running this ship. A great man and he's been great for baseball. (applause) Thank you Bowie. I'm thankful for the ability that my father in heaven gave me to play baseball or I wouldn't be here today. I'm thankful to be honored in such a special way by a group of individuals that do an outstanding job, the Baseball Writers of America. Thank you for honoring me. I'm thankful to the Baseball Hall of Fame for this opportunity of being here and it's a special treat to me to go in with this special group that's going into the Hall of Fame this year. Rick Ferrell, Don Drysdale, Pee Wee Reese, Luis Aparicio. I'm delighted. I love baseball and I consider this baseballs greatest honor. Thank you very much.   
