
    Thank you commissioner very much. Ladies and gentlemen and members of the Hall of Fame, it is certainly a pleasure for me to be here this afternoon and quite an honor. It's with pride and emotion and as the commissioner said, "very intimidating," believe me to stand here amongst these great Hall of Famers and with you people that have taken your time to come out here this afternoon to join us. It's kind of like a day of Thanksgiving. To me, Thanksgiving comes early in 1984. Because you know, when you think about myself, a kid from the San Fernando Valley, we never had major league baseball or anything like that. At the time, the way that we read and found about the names of these people standing behind me is through the newspaper, maybe a picture in the paper and that was about it. And for me to ever think that I would be sitting today at the autograph session between Happy Chandler and Charlie Gehringer, to me that was complete fantasyland. And my thanks to the Baseball Writers Association of America for making that fantasy come true and for allowing me to have that seat here this afternoon. A lot of thanks to a lot of people because as I say, this is the day of reckoning, as far as trying to get across your thanks, and hopefully I won't leave out a lot, there might be a few, I don't mean to. But number one in my heart has to go to, in baseball, the O'Malley family, the Dodger family, for what they gave me. (applause) Because it was through the Dodgers that really, that everything started for me when you get right down to it. But to Walter O'Malley, the thanks of being able to walk through an open door, to be able to sit and talk about the going ons and the making of, I think, one of the greatest organizations of all professional sports. To his wife, Kay, the type of lady that just exudes class. There was just something about her that the minute you met her you were in love with her. She was quite a lady. And to Peter, my thanks to you for, you know, just everything you've done. For my family, myself and the character and the class carries on. To Buzzie Bavasi, a gentleman who could not be here this afternoon, I'll never forget I signed my first contract, 215 Montague Street. People who have been in the Dodger organization before remember that. And to the words that Buzzie told me one particular day when I signed my contract, at that time for $6500., that was the minimum. He says, " you know, he said, it's not that hard to get here at times, but he said, I want you to remember one thing, it's harder to stay. He said there is always somebody behind ya, there's always somebody going to take your place and he said you just look at the number of the kids in the Dodger organization and you'll see why." At that time we had about 600 or 700. It seemed like 500 were wearing toe plates. So in those words you kind of use that old phrase of Satchell Paige, " you never look back." You try to keep going ahead, somebody really and truly might be gaining on ya. To Walter Alston who cannot be here this afternoon and Skipper, I hope you're out there watching. But for the honesty, the patience that Walt Alston had, I've always said, "if you could never play for Walter Alston, you may as well pack up your suitcase and go on home. You just can't play this game of baseball." We retired the two numbers, number 1 and number 53 at Dodger Stadium and I said at that time, tongue in cheek. But after I got thinking about it, it might have been the truth, that Walt might have wished that the body and the uniform had been retired at the same time a few times that he had to go out to the mound. But he was always there in a pinch, he was behind ya, and a great guy. Skipper, like you always told us, kick yourself in the rear end, get strong, we'll see you in Spring Training. To the Dodger trainers, from Doc Windler to Bill Buhler to the late Wayne Anderson, to all the Dodger medical staff, for all their help just in trying to keep a player going. To the media, from Los Angeles and Brooklyn, for the kind words that they had to say, and at times the deserving criticism, there's no question about that. But over all we did have a lot of fun. To the voices of the Dodgers, to Vin Scully and Jerry Doggett through the years, (applause) it was a pleasure to be able to just sit every three days and listen to them and if you heard them on the fourth day. You knew you were in a lot of trouble, you shouldn't be in there. To all of my teammates, each and every one, from the minor leagues to the major leagues, my thanks because without their help I certainly wouldn't be here. And I think one of the greatest things as I've maintained through the years, it's indeliblized in my mind, people have asked, "what's your biggest thrill?" Well, my biggest thrill, without barring any is the first day in Vero Beach, Florida walking into that Brooklyn Dodger clubhouse, never being out of the state of California, and looking at the faces and putting with the names that I had always read in the paper. The Reese, Robinson, Snider, Hodges, Furillo, Campanella, Newcomb, Erskine, LaBine, Gilliam. I walked around, I should have had a chinstrap on because my mouth was in awe and here I was sitting there wearing the same uniform, quite a thrill. The greatest thing the Dodger organization ever did for me is when they roomed me with Gil Hodges. From the very first day (applause) I couldn't have asked for anything better in ray life to happen and if you had a chance to know Gil, you've all read stories about him, a man with class and I certainly refer to Gil Hodges in reverence. (applause) To a Dodger scout still with the Dodgers, Goldie Holt, for making that one trip possible to that north Hollywood playground and happen to see me pitch that day and to the late Lefty Phillips who signed me with the Dodger organization. But in all, like Pee Wee said, there have been a lot of people in this game who have kept me in the game of baseball after I retired as a player. Just so happened I was in a golf tournament in Miami Beach, in the winter of 1969 after I had retired that particular year and went over to the lobby of the Americana Hotel and ran into two of my very dear friends they're both here this afternoon, Gene Mauch and Gene Kirby, who Pee Wee referred to just a little while ago. And it was through their talks and questions and maybe their perseverance to Charles Bronfman and John McHale with the Montreal Expos that was my first announcing job. And Gene Kirby along as Pee Wee said took many hours to try and don't say catch, it's not catch, it a catch, it's not git it's get, well sometimes I just said I was fortunate not to bring the clubhouse language to the air, believe me, that was. But, then moving on from Montreal after Charles Bronfman did give me the start to the late Bob Short of the Texas Rangers to a Hall of Famer in his own right, the owner of the California Angels, Gene Autry and right now to Eddie Einhorn, Jerry Reinsdorf of the Chicago White Sox and to Roone Arledge and Jim Spence in ABC Sports. I thank them for keeping me in this game. In talking about the players, the caliber of players that you have heard me talk about, that I have had the chance to play with, just the honor and the thrill of working with people. Fourteen years I spent listening to a Hall of Famer, Vin Scully, but working with Dave VanHorn of Montreal. With Bill Mercer of Texas, with Dick Enberg for so many years at California, with Keith Jackson, Al Michael’s, Howard Cosell with ABC Sports. You can see that I have been awfully lucky in this game of baseball. But basically to my mom and dad for the times and the sacrifices that they took to send me around to Sandlot baseball, American Legion baseball, Scotty and Vernon Drysdale, with me here this afternoon, my thanks to them. To my daughter, Kelly, for a chance to make up for the time lost, as she grows older and I have a chance to spend a little more time at home and as Dotty Reese can tell you and so many wives, that double duty standards that the mother has to do. We appreciate the chance to get back and be a parent once again. To her mother for taking that place of two people and making the sacrifices that she had to make at that time. To my sister, Nancy, who is with me here this afternoon, with her husband, Ed, and my two nephews, Scotty and Kelly. Her chance to kind of sit back and maybe say, well, maybe it was all worth it brother. But doggone it, I missed out on a lot of things when they kept taking you around to those playgrounds and I had to tag along and miss out on my fun. I thank all of you for that. And to all of the fans in New York and in Los Angeles, the reaction, the treatment has been nothing but great. It's been something that I will never forget all of my life. But I think all of us in baseball have to remember one thing, and I've said this before, as great as this game is, as much fun as we have in this game, the thrills, if it was not for you, the fans, walking through turnstiles, turning on radios, turning on television, coming here to Cooperstown to witness these induction ceremonies, to just watch possibly a game that you love, baseball would not survive. So we all thank you. That is what we have to say to you here this afternoon. (applause) I said to myself, "there's only one way to get up here and get through this darn thing, and I said, think about hanging a curveball and somebody hits it out and how you felt after that happened." I've been sitting here listening and trying to get that attitude through and I've got it pretty well finished right now. At that time when that happened you might have tears of anger and anxiety inside but the tears are still there inside this afternoon but they're of joy, happiness and pride and it's a pleasure to be here. Thank you very much.   
