
    August 11, 1984Thank you commissioner. I'm sure glad you made another come back so that you could present me my plaque today. Thank you very much. (applause) I had a story, well I may as well tell it since I'm up here. It's on the left-hander that won 500 games or 300 some odd games. Warren Spahn. I was playing golf yesterday on this fine golf course here in Cooperstown and after you play the ninth hole you go over to the tenth tee and there's only one entrance into this side of the golf, you have to go across the road. So my driver, my chauffeur, Mr. Norm Arden and I, we were going to try and get across the road and go and tee off and Warren Spahn was there signing autographs and I said, "Spahny, lets go, you're holding up the game." He looked up and says, "Pee Wee, you're a rookie.” I'll let you know when you can go through." And I believe he meant it too. Ladies and gentlemen, I am honored and very proud to be inducted into the Hall of Fame today. (applause) Thank you. And join some of the greatest ballplayers of all times and including those up here with me today. I'm happy that my family can be with me to enjoy this moment. My wife Dotty, my daughter Barbara, my son Mark, two grandchildren, Deedee and Reese and that's my son in law over there, Tommy, (applause) Not a bad looking family. And my close friends from Louisville. I do not have to tell you how deep my feelings are for all of them. You know I played ball for almost 20 years. Eighteen of it was with Brooklyn. (applause) Brooklyn was a wonderful city. Loyal fans, very emotional and I had some teammates that couldn't have been nicer. What a great bunch of guys we had over there. But when you think of Brooklyn, you have to think of Ebbets Field. (applause) And they talk a lot about Ebbets Field but I think the fans really made Ebbets Field. When you think of Shorty Laurice and the Symphony Band, Hilda Chester and Cow bell. Thank you very much. I'm getting a little help over here. (applause) Eddie the Con, oh there's just so many. And the great rivalry we used to have with the New York Giants and the New York Yankees, that team over in the Bronx there some place that used to beat us pretty good to tell you the truth though. But it was war and we enjoyed it very much. You know, when I think of the Dodgers I always have to go back to the Dodger organization who has meant so much to me over the years. From Larry MacPhail to Branch Rickey to Walter O'Malley and to Peter O'Malley, one of the finest persons that you'd want to meet. And thank you Peter wherever you are for all the help you've given me and thanks for retiring my number one out there in July. Thank you very much. (applause) I've always been very proud to be part of the Dodger family. God bless all of you. And I shouldn't forget the company I am with today. I have to mention them, Hillerich and Bradsby. Several of their employees are here today and I don't think, don't you think I don't appreciate it. I've spent 14 years with these people and it's had a lot of fond memories. I sound like I'm retiring, doesn't it. But I want to wish Jack Hillerich and Hillerich and Bradsby a happy 100th Anniversary this year, 1884 to 1984. (applause) And I'll tell you, they made most all of the bats for these hitters up here and of course when you think about Bill Terry only using two bats all year, we didn't make a hell of a lot out of him I'll tell you. I used more than that in a week. I appeared in many ballgames, got a lot of good press from New York writers and all over the country. Played a lot of World Series, All Star games but you know I can travel over the country today and I'm introduced to someone and they'll say, "hey Pee Wee, I remember you. You used to do the 'Game of the Week' with Dizzy Dean." Diz would've loved that and I loved working with him. I've got a friend out there today that's, he also loves to hear that too, Gene Kirby. He also made the great announcer that I was. He helped me quite a bit. He was my producer, my director and my friend. And through that television work I got a chance to work with so many great announcers, and one of them up here today will be inducted into the Hall of Fame later on, Curt Gowdy. (applause) I worked with Curt for three years and it was a pleasure working with him. I also got a chance to work with Jack Buck, Harry Carry, Jack Whitaker, Ernie Harwell and numerous others and it was a pleasure for as they call us, Don Jocks, to be able to work with those good announcers. I've been asked many times about two people in particular; Commissioner brought it up, everyone seems to and I'm glad that they did. It was Jackie Robinson and Leo Durocher. Jackie was my teammate and my friend. Others may have a different opinion of him but I speak only for myself. He was a fierce competitor, he came to play and to win and I always admired that quality in him as I did with any other player who had Jackie's desire, determination and strength and I just wish he could've been here with us today. I know he would've been if he was around. The other fellow is Leo Durocher. Leo was my first big league manager and he was pretty tough. I came up in 1940. Even though he probably could've played shortstop a little better than I could at times, he was my biggest booster and he gave a scared kid from Louisville the opportunity to play. In 1941 we won the World Series, got beat in the World Series, won the pennant but got beat in the World Series by the Yankees for the first time. It wasn't the last time but Leo had a lot of patience with me, and if it wouldn't have been for Leo I doubt seriously that I would be up here today. To all the members of the news media, to the Hall of Fame Veterans Committee and I hope Joe Cronin is feeling much better and I hope he's watching today. Hope your feeling much better Joe. And to the people of Louisville, Brooklyn, (applause) and L.A. where I played ball, my sincerest thanks. Now I have mentioned this lady a while ago, she stood up, but before I close, if I can get this out, I've been married for 42 years to the same woman. (applause) If there was a Hall of Fame for baseball wives she would make it. (applause) I wore number one on my back for all the years that I played but she was number one in my heart. Thank you very much.  
