
    Commissioner, members of the Hall of Fame, ladies and gentlemen, first I would like to congratulate the other new members of the Hall of Fame. I'm sure they feel as I do, that this is a great honor and a very special day for all of us. I have been to Cooperstown a number of times for the Hall of Fame ceremonies but only as a spectator. I would get a nice seat out there in the audience and relax and enjoy the program and pull for my friends and fellow players who were being inducted. This year, however, it's an entirely different feeling. It was on March 4th last spring that I was in Clearwater, Florida, just before game time when I first learned that, I had been elected to the Hall of Fame by the Veterans Committee. Jim Campbell called me that day from Lakeland to tell me about it and it came as a surprise. I hardly knew how to answer and then shock sets in for awhile and then your on cloud nine but through it all I was very happy about the whole thing. As a kid growing up on this farm down in Greensboro, North Carolina my family consisted of mother, dad and seven boys so I began to play baseball at a very early age. My brothers and I would play it every opportunity. I still remember this kid game we had going that when we held batting practice out in this field the one that hit the farthest ball we would stick his stick up at that point and then if someone hit one further back we would take the stick and place it where that ball landed. So, one day, many years later, I was catching for the Boston Red Sox and my brother, Wes Ferrell, was pitching for the Cleveland Indians so I hit a home run off of Wes that day and in circling the bases I said, "stick a stick up on that one." (applause) But Wes came up the next inning and I don't think the remark, he didn't want, he kicked the mound around a little bit, it didn't go over to well, so the next inning Wes came up and hit a home run also and in crossing home plate he said, "stick a stick up on that one, So to this day we don't know which home run went the farthest. I came into the American League in 1929 so I have played with and against all of these great ballplayers. A lot of them were my teammates and a lot of them were my friends so actually this seems like old home week to me. And another point I'd like to bring out that there's so many great ballplayers that are not in the Hall of Fame and this is an added honor to me to be elected from this group of great ballplayers by the Veterans Committee. This Veterans Committee consists of eighteen ballplayers, sportswriters, club executives of my time. They knew me as a player. Since I have been in baseball so long I have seen and experienced the many firsts in the game of baseball. I was the first free agent in 1928. 1 was declared a free agent by Judge Landis from the Detroit club and that was a very popular decision, even in those days, among the players but not so much so with the management. And then the first All-Star game in 1933, we didn't know if the owners would allow us three off days in mid season or we didn't know the fan reaction. Actually it was an experimental thing, a one-year deal, but now after 51 years, it's one of the highlights of our schedule. Then night baseball came in 1935 and I played my first night game in old Shibe Park in Philadelphia. And then the first airline flight. We flew from St. Louis to Chicago. That was in 1936. 1 was with the Boston Red Sox. Tom Yawkey, our owner, went around the clubhouse that day to ask each player if they would be willing to fly to Chicago. I never had been up before but my hand went up and so along with about 17 or 18 players we flew to Chicago and that is the first time that an airline had transported a ballclub. And then our expansion in 1961 and a couple times since to where we have 26 ballclubs. In my playing days we had 16 and we only went as far west traveling as Chicago and St. Louis. And then the Dome Stadium with Astroturf, which I think, has changed our game more on the field than any one thing. But all these changes have improved the game tremendously. We are now breaking all attendance records each year, the individual clubs as well as the leagues. Our game is really at its peak in popularity. After being in uniform for 25 years on the field I went into the front office of the Detroit Tigers. I've been with the Tigers for 34 years in different capacities and I've enjoyed it very much, working with Jim Campbell, John Fetzer, Tom Monaghan, Bill Lajoie. We have one of the finest organizations in baseball and (applause) and we also have one of the finest cities in the game today. Our fans are very enthusiastic, they're very supportive of our club and I only hope that we can win for them again in the near future, like say next October. (applause) That would be great and it would surely make my year. As I've mentioned before, I've been to Cooperstown a number of times, I've always enjoyed my trips here but of course this one tops them all. This is, I've had my family here and we've enjoyed meeting baseball people, meeting fans, seeing the museum, the city and we just only hope that we can come back again many more times. (applause) I'd like to introduce my family. I have three kids here. Would you please stand up. This is Maureen on the left, (applause) I think I can get them right. This is Kerrie in the center, my daughter. (applause) This is Tommy, my son. (applause) We're very proud of them. (applause) Thank you.  
