
    So this is it. Of course it came a long time too late I thought, but that's life for us. First, I would like to introduce my family, Patricia Page, and my grandchildren, Gay Slaughter, Sharon and Bill Stokes, and Rhonda. Would you stand? (applause)First I want to thank the Veterans Committee for the great honor bestowed on me to be here with you today. I want to thank the million of fans throughout this country and quite a few abroad. The letters and the fan mail which I received kept my spirit up. I never dreamed back in 1935 that I would be standing here. out of high school in 134 the Cardinals had a tryout camp in Greensboro, North Carolina. They invited me to that camp. Mr. Rickey says if you make good, we'll pay your expenses. If you don't, you pay your own. You know I was a second baseman then, trying to make a double play. They sez, 'heck, he'll break his doggone neck, we got to get him out of there.' Of course, I was hitting the ball pretty good. They signed me up to a contract in Morgansville, Virginia for $75 a month. And then you know, I'm gonna correct one thing. I moved from there to Columbus, Georgia in 1937. I've always ran out everything from homeplate. I came in from the outfield and the 3rd base dugout was a long ways back and I walked in. And that is when Eddie Dyer said, 'Kid, if you's tired, I'll get you some help.' And from that day on I learned to hit the top step running and hit it coming in. To me, running was my greatest asset. (applause) I'll go back one step. In 1935 in spring training there was a man by the name of Billy Southworth and Hap Bow, which is my first manager. There was a question mark beside of my name. They said, 'Kid, if we can't improve your running, the Cardinals is going to release you. We want you to go to the outfield and practice running on your toes.' And I did for three days. I increased my speed by 4 steps. I stayed in the game for 27 years because I could run. (applause)I'll touch a few spots. I know it's hot out there and I'm not going to keep you too long myself. In 1940 1 left St. Louis hitting .371. Came back there weeks later, I was hitting .216, 3 for 82. That's hard to believe, but it happened. But those same pitches that made me sweat June, July, August and September, I came back and hit .306. Of course to me, you talk about great teams, great thrills,the 142 Cardinals to me is the greatest team I ever played on. That was a ball team, we had pride, we had everything that you would want. That World Series was a happy one for me and a sad one because on the 27th day of August I enlisted into the Air Force. And I had a great year, should have led the league that year, .318. Lombardi went to bat 309 times, hit .330 so they gave him the batting title and I think it was changed after that and you got to go a lot more. I served my country just like I played baseball. I asked no odds and give none. If they wanted me to clean the latrine, I did. If they wanted me on KP, I did it. So finally I went overseas, Saipan, Tinian, Guam, Iwo Jima. We had a lot of men over there. There was a lot of major league ballplayers, which went with me, 48 if I was to be exact, American and National League. We played baseball on...SeaBee I s St. Louis, he took bulldozers, built us a ball diamond on the white coral reefs. Every game we had 8 10 thousand people. We took bomb crates and built bleachers. I played there with desire as I played here. It was a sad day in '53, the spring of '54. 1 was a Cardinal when they called me and said we've sold you to the Yankees. At that time it did hurt. But as time went on, I was fortunate because the Cardinals was not winning pennants at that time. I went from one great organization to another one, the New York Yankees. (applause)You know, my fans was in the middle west. Of course, who can ever forget Ebbets field. To me Ebbetts Field had the greatest fans in baseball. And going to New York, playing for Casey Stengel, I enjoyed every day that I was there. Of course I wasn't playing quite as much as I wanted to. So I went to the professor. I said "Casey, I would like to play more." He says, "My boy, you play when I want you to play and you'll be around a long time." of course you know then I broke my arm in three places in 154 which we won 104 games but the Cleveland Indians won 111 and we finished second. That's when, you know, the Athletics moved to Kansas City. At the age of 39 the Yankees thought I needed more experience. They sold me to K.C. I joined Boudreau over there, had a great year, hit .315, so the Yankees got in trouble in '56. They had Bauer and Mantle in the outfield, Collins bad back, Siebern had a bad leg, they were hurting. So Casey went to Mr. Weiss and said "Buy Slaughter back." Mr. Weiss said "Heck, he's 40 years old." Casey says "I don't care, buy him back." I'll never forget Mr. Johnson coming into the ballpark in Washington. He was talking to Boudreau, I came out of the shower, we were leaving that night at midnight to go to Boston, doubleheader on Sunday. When I came out of the shower, Boudreau says, "Enos, step in here." He said "We've sold you back to the Yankees." I says "I'm satisfied here." So you know, we were riding trains at that time. Boudreau took me down to the train station, we found our luggage, found my bag, I hopped the plane for New York. Detroit had been a great nemisis to the Yankees in that era. I think we were 22 and 6, 1 think. That's what they have it. Vie were playing Detroit a doubleheader on Sunday. I'll never forget it. I played in both ends of the doubleheader and only got 5 for 9. 'Vie left there to bang with Chicago. And an old ex Brave named Dick Donovan, he had me 0 for 4, twelfth inning. I hit one in the seats, win 2 for 1. So I think I helped the Yankees win the pennant in 156. You know the Dodgers had the Yankees down 2 games to 1 in the World Series. Roger Craig and Whitey Ford, my roommate, 2 to 1. And I hit a 3 run homer in the 7th, put us back on track. From there we went to be World Champions again. Of course in 1957 Milwaukee beat the Yankees. We came back in '58 and I can remember the last game in Milwaukee. I think the Braves had every bell and horn in Milwaukee but when Bill Skowron hit the home run in the 9th inning, they all disappeared and was quiet. So those were great moments for me. I'm not going to take anymore of your time, I could stand here and talk the rest of the evening, but I know it's hot and I promised them I wouldn't be here long. Now, I would like to have Ted Williams step up here. (applause)Ted Williams: What is it friend?Enos Slaughter: Here's the baseball that Ted Hit in 1941 to beat the National League.Ted Williams: And you're giving that to me?Enos Slaughter: I'm giving it to you.Ted Williams: Thank you Enos, thank you. (applause) This is such a real wonderful tribute to a hell of a player today.  
