
    Thank you Mr. Commissioner for the kind introduction. Ladies and gentlemen, it's a pleasure to be here this afternoon to join in all the festivities and to rub shoulders with some of the greatest players who have ever played major league baseball. You know the dream of every professional athlete is to leave his mark upon his chosen sport. The desire of every professional athlete is to blaze a trail this is so long and wide that it would take a person to perform at a Hall of Fame level just to measure up. The Hall of Fame has been described by many as a museum for greatness. It also has been described as a place where those players who stepped into the pressure of the moment and emerged as heroes and that their feats transcend their own careers, and to this day those feats still remain the standards by which the game is played and I'm proud today to be a part of it. The first time I heard about the Hall of Fame, Jackie Robinson had just broke the color barrier and I was a 9 year boy growing up in a southern town. During those days, as black players began to enter to the big leagues, there were those who condemned that act, by announcing to the world that baseball is turning into a black nightmare. But the world of baseball soon forgave them because they knew that those persons were merely acting upon borrowed attitudes. At that age I discovered that 2 radio stations would become a dominant force in my life. Those stations were KMOX, St. Louis, WLAC, Nashville, Tennessee. Back in those days these 2 stations were of the few with a powerful watt broadcast beam, which on a clear night could be reached as far as Texas, Florida, New York and of course my little hometown, Collinston, Louisiana. These radio stations played another major role and that they were the cross fertilization of culture in the days before the dominance of television, carrying the big city word back to the sticks. It is also important to remember that during the '50's Jim Crow was king in the south and that blacks had very little opportunity to be in touch with their own experience. one summer night while searching the dial of our old Philco radio, I came across a baseball game between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the St. Louis Cardinals. This game was being broadcasted by chief sportscaster, Harry Caray and Jack Buck. I was so overwhelmed by this game that I thought I had tuned into another world. A world of genuine expression of feeling, in which life had no facade and that hurt and loneliness were not the natural price for being alive. Such a world was in total contrast to my surroundings, where under the Jim Crow lay my white counterparts was imitating adults or rebelling against them. I could not relate to either because to me in their world it was full of pretense. For you see, Jim Crow had excluded me from the mainstream of society. Therefore, I was free of pressure to pretend, free of self consciousness which creates a false social persona. I could not allow these things to stand in the way of my inner feelings and my pursuit of excellence. Through KMOS sports, baseball fed my fantasies about what life offered. Baseball could arouse and comfort me because in identifying with it, I felt free and alive. Just like everyone else I had some difficult teenage years. I felt trapped, too, in a situation without meaning. I felt somehow denied the comfort of learning, although this situation was not of my own free choice. The time I felt most at home during my early childhood would be late at night listening to the radio or during the summer months listening to baseball on the radio. When I heard baseball games I felt in harmony with it, my spirit would soar and I believed that one day there would come a day when my life would be different and I too would be right out there on the field of play. I can only guess how many more of the young fellows in the south felt that way and listened to the same radio stations as I and had similar feelings. But what ever it is about baseball that touches a person's soul, it has a magical transforming power that allows the individual to escape the oppression of his immediate self. I am convinced that sports, especially baseball, helped me hold it together as I dared to finish high school and to cross those railroad tracks to enter Southern University at Baton Rouge, Louisiana. I will always relate to baseball during those years, for you see, in my mind I existed as a major league ball player, while in fact I was living the most ordinary of lives.To this day I believed that I somehow remained true to my inner feelings, while so many of my peer group lost their own step of themselves in the turmoil and anxiety of those years. I used to seek out those who shared my dreams about baseball and if my peers shared my views I would open up and speak my language. If they didn't, I would only speak theirs. Upon leaving college, I along with my peer group, realized that we had to make a choice. I made a choice, a choice to follow my dreams and to become a major league baseball player. Upon entering the big leagues I discovered first, a joy in learning and then a sense of accomplishments, not only in reaching milestones but also in leadership. I tried to take baseball with me everywhere I would go but it often seemed out of place with my new found friends. I found it extremely difficult to explain why the pursuit of excellence and the desire to excel were very special to me.During the hey days of my career I discovered that there are 3 factors which calls one to sustain any kind of success: The first one is the ability to put it all together many times you hear that expression nobody ever tells you what exactly it means many players can run, many can hit, many can throw but when they put it all together, the media refers to them as superstars. Determination was the other factor to remain at the top. One must believe that he could be the very best. The third factor that became very important to sustain a success is something called the support of the people. Many times I have said there is nothing like the roar of the crowd to start a rally or to give that player that extra edge. And today I 'd like to acknowledge some of those who were always in my corner rootin' for me as I tried to get that extra edge. First I'll start out with my family. In the front row, my wife, Virgie, who has stood alongside of me, there is Emory O'Neill, will you stand up Emory O'Neill? (applause) And of course, there's Danny Chris, Danny will you stand? (applause) Also, an athlete student, student athlete, he doesn't like which way I said this but, he is now at U.S.C. on the football squad up there, Lou Brock, Jr., will you stand? (applause) And there's my daughter, Wanda, who is in her last year at Southern University, would you like to stand? (applause) I see my brother Aron sittin' out there. Aron, will you stand as well? (applause) I see my mother in law, Mrs. Danyou, would you like to stand? (applause) And there's my sister in laws, Marion, Cindy, will you two stand? (applause) And of course, there are others who stood alongside of me and rooted for me as I again tried to get that extra edge. Some of those friends I I d like to recognize, one is my high school coach. You gotta believe in my high school. I was never played under coach until I was a junior and in come a guy who had just finished college, a couple of years older than we were and was about to tell us what to do. But one of the things that he said to me when he got there and we were from a little hick town, played a lot of tough schools. He made a statement that I never forgot. And he said, "No one can make you feel inferior without first getting your permission." Roosevelt Johnson, standing there with the cameras. (applause) Also a man sitting in the front row who was my college coach. The one thing he used to instill into us that we had to approach the game with pride, dignity and honor. Will you stand? Coach Emory Hines, Southern University. (applause) In the audience also is a gentleman that I met at the 159 Pan American games. I thought I could run fast, but I realized that I couldn't until I got around a guy by the name of, who had ran track in the Olympics, 1956. 1960 we became close friends and he taught me everything he knew about explosive starts in running, Deacon Jones from the University of Iowa, will you stand? (applause) Then comes the scout, the man who signed me. Here's a ran who, by the way, managed Jackie Robinson, Satchel Paige, had Ernie Banks on his team. He told me once when I was a member of the Chicago Cubs, he said, "to make it to the top, there will be days when you have to approach your sports with a single minded purpose. And sometimes You'll neglect your friends, your family, the whole works, but remember one thing, they will be rootin' for you." Mr. John 'Buck' O'Neill, who is still a scout for the Chicago Cubs. (applause) others, Mr. Busch, of the St. Louis Cardinals. I saw Mr. Kuhlmann a moment ago, who represented St. Louis cardinal, Mr. Busch, I'd like to thank you for all those years down in St. Louis, Mr. Kuhlmann, would you like to stand? (applause) And one last guy out there that I want him to stand simply because as baseball players, we have traveling secretaries in there, the publicity office, whereby, sometimes there are little tidbits of information that get out to the public and we all sometimes wonder how they get out there. So Jim Toomey, will you please stand? And take a bow. (applause) And last, but not least, I think con Ling from St. Louis there had to be something like a hundred and ten, a hundred twenty more from St. Louis, hello. (applause) Thank you. Well, in closing as I listen to and watch big league players still pounding those drums of major league baseball with the full joy that knows no age, it is rewarding to know, and a living testament to the popularity of baseball that the Hall of Fame members today had a big hand in how those drums are sounding today.As I reflect back and at the same time look at the present and the future, one thing is certainly true: Life does not often provide opportunity for a person to make a clean choice. But today, by being inducted into Baseball Hall of Fame has allowed me to take the low points of my career and turn them into the high points of a lifetime My induction also has allowed me to create a new personal format for myself and now I feel proud to take my seat among the greatest players ever to play major league baseball. Thank you.   
