
    It's awful hot and dry up here. Thank you very much Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, fellow Hall of Famers, baseball fans everywhere. It's a great honor and a privilege for me to be standing up here today in this position. Something that I never dreamed of when I first started playing baseball way back in Huntersville, Cornelius, North Carolina. First of all on this beautiful day here in Cooperstown I would like to thank the Lord for making this honor possible for me, I give Him all the praise, all the honor and all the glory for this day. (applause) After all, the Hall of Fame that He selects will be the all important one for all of us. I've been thinking through this day ever since back in early January when I first found out that I had been elected to the Hall of Fame and I've wondered what it would be like standing up here today in this position and believe me, I 'm a little nervous and rightfully so. I think I'd probably be more calm pitching in Yankee Stadium before a full house, in fact, I know I would. I've been asked many times already what being elected to the Hall of Fame means to me, and that's a tough question to answer. When you consider all the players over the years and years that have played the game of baseball and then you think of the number, I think 193, that has been elected here, then it really makes you start thinking. And I guess I think back to a time that Brent mentioned up here a minute ago, my first year in the class B league, which at that time was the bottom of the rung of baseball and I did get released from a class B club, but I didn't give up. I still thought I could play and I did get back in the game and then to think after being released off a class B club I wound up pitching a little over 20 years in the big leagues and being elected to the Hall of Fame. That is unreal and it's pretty hard for me to contemplate. I'm still in baseball as a minor league pitching instructor for the New York Yankees and sometimes when you're in coaching and managing, especially in the minor leagues, there's one hard, tough job and that is telling a young boy that he is being released. That's one of the toughest parts of being an instructor or manager or coach in the minor leagues and you know, sometimes I've told a few of them that story. That very story about me being released at one time from the bottom club and still winding up pitching in the big leagues and I hope that to some of them that has given a little encouragement. Next of all, I would like to thank my late mother and father. I just wish it was possible for them to be here today cause I'm sure they would be as proud of this honor as I am. Next, I would like to thank and introduce my family. There's quite a few of them here, first of all my wife Peggy, and my three children, Patty, Pam and Jim, Patty's wife Rick, I mean husband Rick, Pam's husband Blaine and Jimmy's wife Patty, and all the grandchildren, would you all stand up for a second. (applause) Next I would like to introduce for a second my family, the other part of my family from down in North Carolina. I think today there is 6 of my sisters here and I Ill start with the oldest, Ruth Norket, Natalie Blythe, Dorothy Laney, Pauline Keistler, Margaret Shurell and Vicky Hager, they're all from down where I came from, around Huntersville, Cornelius, North Carolina. (applause)And when I first got married it was the year before my first year in the big leagues. And my wife Peggy, she was a baseball fan before I married her, and you know when Leo Durocher made a relief pitcher out of me I was in a lot of tough games early in my career, pitching short relief. And I tried not to bring the games home with me when I had my problems and got beat, you know I tried not to bring it home, but it was pretty tough. But anyway, Peggy, I'd come home and you know, maybe I'd be worrying about losing a game or something and she's the type of person that I guess she sees good in everything always find something good that I did in the game. And before long, she would have me thinking I had a won a tough game that I lost, so it was a good thing to be around a person like that and have the encouragement that she gave me over the years and Peggy, I thank you for that. (applause) I know that everyone has heard a lot about the baseball player I s life e and being away f rom home and it is actually, you go to spring training for a month, you go to the town you're playing in and you're gone half the time from there. But I think my children, even though it might have hurt some, I think they adjusted to this very well because I always took them to spring training, they went to three different schools most of the years that I was playing when they was growing up. They went to school in spring training, a school in the town where I played, a school in the town back home, and I think they adjusted to it very well and I'm proud of them for it and thank you for that. Next of all, I would like to thank my two daughters for five wonderful and beautiful bundles of joy out there, five grandchildren. (applause) Now I think back to a very special person that had a lot of influence on my life when I was young and in high school, a man down in Cornelius, North Carolina, who was my baseball high school coach, he was also a history teacher. Mr. Brown was a man that I think I always looked up to from the time I first met him and I think he was looking at me even in grammer school to play on the varsity baseball team and I did wind up making the varsity baseball team in my freshman year which was unusual, really, but this was a man that well, I think another reason that I liked him other than in baseball was in history he always gave, on his test he always gave yes and no answers, he'd give you 20 questions that was yes and no. Well, I never was one to really dig the books, you know, I steered away from them a little bit, but anyway, in his particular class I had a theory, that if he, I knew he was going to give yes and no questions and I figured the ones that I didn't know nothing about I had a 50/50 chance. The ones that I knew a little something about I had about a 70/30 chance and then of course, there was always a few that I knew, so I figured I could have good luck in his class and pass and I did. And I would like to thank him, wherever he is. Mr. Brown, I hope you're looking on and I thank you very much for all you ever did for me. (applause)Then there is another group I would like to thank, the managers, coaches and players that I've played with over the years. I would like to thank all of them for the help they gave me along the way. I had the very good fortune, I think, playing for what I consider several of the greatest major league managers that's ever managed in the major leagues and I'll just list them here. My first manager was Leo Durocher, Paul Richards, Al Lopez here, Freddy Hutchinson and Walter Alston. I guess I'd like to give a little bit of special thanks to Leo Durocher, he was my first manager and gave me the chance. After many years in the minor league, it didn't look like I would ever get to the big leagues, but finally did, and Leo gave me the chance to see and prove that if I could pitch in the big leagues and I thank him to this day. Leo and Mr. Horace Stoneham, who is president of the Giants, owner of the Giants at that time, I thank them both for giving me that first opportunity. (applause)Then there's another one of these managers that I think meant a little bit more to me now because there come a time in 1958, 1 was pitching with the Cleveland Indians, wasn't doing much, pitching a little bit here and there, and then at the end of that phase, and I got traded or was sold to the Baltimore Orioles through the draft, some way I got over there, anyway, I run into Paul Richards and there was a man that I figured and considered to this day one of the greatest pitching coaches that I have ever run into even though he was a catcher and maybe that's where he learned it. But he had a knack of taking older pitchers and he did it with several of them that were kind of over the hill, maybe or losing their stuff and rehabilitate them and get them to go on and he got several good years out of them, after that. And in my case, after I went to Baltimore in early September, the results were almost instant because after a couple of weeks, that's when I pitched a no hitter and I give Paul Richards a lot of credit for turning my career around right there, it could have been the end of the road the way I was pitching in Cleveland, but wound up there I pitched about 5 years in Baltimore, went on to Chicago and had a few good years there. And then I never will forget, I was pitching with the California Angels in 1969. There again I was about at the end of the road and in the end of August, I was playing golf one day, we had an off day and I came back to the hotel and they tell me I had a message to call Atlanta. So I called the number, it was Paul Richards again. This is the year that the Atlanta Braves were in the thick of winning the National League West title that year and they had about a month to go and I guess Paul knew what I had been doing out there but anyway, I will never forget the first words that he said to me when I made that call to him. He said, "Hoyt, can you still throw it?" I said "Yes." He says "Well, get on the next plane to Atlanta. We have made a deal for you and I want you here as quick as you can get here." Fortunately I went there and had a good month of September for the Braves and helped them win their first National League title down there and I thank you very much, Paul, for all you ever did for me. (applause)There's another group of people I would like to thank and that's the Baseball Writers of America. I think they're a very special part of baseball and if anywhere along the way, and I'm sure I did, was a little pain to some of them, if I was I apologize, but the Baseball Writers are a very special part of the game. I know that sometimes some of them like to write a lot of controversy or negative things, but overall they're a great bunch and I certainly appreciate them voting me into Baseball's Hall of Fame. I'll just make a short recap here and I'm finished. I won't take much more of your time. First of all, I would like to say I started off in Class D down in Mooresville, North Carolina, made it to the big leagues in 1952 and a ballplayer in the big leagues. I think there's three or four things I know that I did, dreamed of, like to play in the World Series, a lot of great players, in fact some players that are right here in the Hall of Fame that have made the Hall of Fame, never played in a World Series. Well, I was fortunate enough to play in a World Series on a winning team in 1954. 1 think every player would like to make an All Star game. I was fortunate to make the All Star team in both leagues a couple of times. I was also fortunate enough, as Brent said here a minute ago, to pitch a no hitter. And last, but most important, I was fortunate enough to be elected to the Hall of Fame. (applause) Another minute and I'll be through. Finally, I see a lot of people here I worked for the New York Yankees yet, I see a lot of people here from a few teams up in this part of the country that are here and I want to thank them for coming here today and being a part of this, the most important day of my baseball career. Thank you all for coming and God bless you.   
