
    Thank you Commissioner. I'd like to thank the Veteran's Committee for voting me into the Hall of Fame. I thank God I could grow up in a country that I could choose a profession that I love so much. Growing up I'd hoped that I could become a major league ball player, then hoped I could play in an All Star game, then a World Series.Being inducted into the Hall of Fame today just tops off all of the nice things that ever happened to me in baseball. I am very honored and proud to be a part of this here today.I would like to introduce my family here today, my wife, Monica has been so much help to we over the years. (applause) My mother who is 93, (applause) she drove across the country with us. (applause) She has been looking forward to this for a long time to be with us here today. My sister, Dorothy, Eleanor, my sister in law. (applause) our son Don, his wife Carol, their son Brad and their daughter, Michelle. (applause) I'm only sorry that my dad, brother Hal can't be here today. They were so much help to me as I was growing up and helped me with my baseball career. There's many other relatives and friends here today and I wish I could introduce all of ya, and I really appreciate you being here today.Back in 1937 1 got to go to spring training with Boston Red Sox in Sarasota Florida. When I walked out on the field that morning, I got to see Jimmy Foxx, Joe Cronin, Lefty Grove, the Ferrell brothers, Rick and Wes, Mike Higgins, Roger Cramer and it was just a tremendous thrill to see all those great ball players and today stand here to see all these Hall of Famers here. I feel like a boy not a man 68 years old. It's just a great thrill to see these fellows and associate with them.I'd like to thank some people who's helped me with my baseball career. I went to Freemont High in Los Angeles. We had a coach there at that time, Les Hazaroth. I always felt he had a great bearing on my baseball career. There were lots of ball players went out of Freemont High, Jay Moss, Chet Lemon and lots of others. We got to really enjoy a lot of nice things there.I got to play with Hollywood, San Diego in the Pacific Coast League; we had a manager there at that time Frank Shellenback, just a wonderfulThen joined the Red Sox in 1937 got to play alongside of Joe Cronin. I always felt and thought he helped me just so much he knew the players in the league he could position me in the field. He'd tell me what I might expect to look to, to look at some of the pictures I was going to face. He always kept you relaxed. One of the sayings he'd say to me every once and a while, "Have fun, sing a song." I looked back at that that was pretty good advice for a young fellow.By the batting cage Ted Williams used to stand there snapping his fingers, held say, "Bobby you're lazy with your bat, get quicker with your bat." one day he give me some suggestions he thought was going to help me with my hitting and I said, "Ted I just don't feel comfortable hitting that way," and he threw up his hands and walked off and said, "Okay, you wanna be a lousy 280, 290 hitter go ahead and hit that way."Then there were the owners of the Red Sox, Mr. and Mrs. Yawkey, just wonderful people, real nice people they were always so understanding with the baseball player's problems.Playing in Boston, those great fans there get to play my whole career in Fenway Park. I still think Fenway Park is one of the nicest ball parks in baseball. (applause) I always appreciated the press and radio, they were always real good to me there.I thought I got to play in a good era of baseball I got to see those great players of the 20's finishing their careers in the 30's Been an admirer of baseball, '37 through '51.I'll never forget the first day I went in Yankee Stadium, got to see and play against Lou Gerry, got to play my whole career against Joe DiMaggio Got to hit against Bob Filler, played alongside Ted Williams, got to see and play against my idol Charlie Gehringer.In 1948 1 got to hit against an all time great pitcher, Satchel Paige. He had lost some of his fast ball by then but I've never seen a pitcher that could hit that outside corner like Satchel could. In 1948 Joe McCarthy come over to manage our ball club, the Red Sox, and I asked him one day, "Who would be the pitcher you'd want to win the big ballgame for you Joe?" He said, "Lefty Gomez," would be his pitcher.Then I had a good friend Mace Brown who pitched in the National League back in the 30's and 40's asked him one day who would be the pitcher in the National League in that era to win a big game, he says, "I would take Carl Hubbell." And I always wished I could hit against Carl Hubbell to see that famous screwball he had.I went on to be able to coach the Red Sox in 1967 through '69, got to see Carl Yastrzemski have that big year, I don't believe I've seen a ballplayer have one better year than Carl did that year.In the fall we went on to play the Cardinals in the World Series and I got to see another all time great pitcher, Bob Gibson, got to see Lou Brock, Roger Maris.Coached for the Toronto Blue Jays in 1977 through '81 1 got to see those young ballplayers break in, develop into the ballplayers they are today.Lots of nice things have happened to the ballplayers over the years. of course the salary is so much better, pension system great, off and on the field conditions so much better. There's one thing I think has happened, been great for baseball, the Baseball Chapel started by Watson Spolstra. I want to thank Watson and the people working for the Baseball Chapel in the major and minor leagues.Like to thank Commissioner Ueberroth and Equitable for getting a program started for the old time ballplayers.There's a man here today that played with the Yankees back in the 20's hasn't missed an All Star Game World Series or Hall of Fame Induction since in the thirties and when they start putting nice guys in the Hall of Fame, Pat Olsen would have to be the first one to go in. (applause) Today is Pat Olsen's 84th birthday. (applause)I understand that Sparky Anderson has a plaque on the door of his office in the Detroit Clubhouse that reads, "Each 24 hours the world turns over and somone's sitting on top of it." I just hope I can sit up here on top of it just a little while longer.Again, I'm honored and I'm just proud that I can be inducted into the Hall of Fame with Willie McCovey and Ernie Lombardi. Thank you.  
