
    Thank you. Thank you very much. Commissioner Ueberroth, my colleagues in the Hall of Fame, all those past and current players, guests, ladies and gentlemen, and baseball fans here, and across the world in other countries. Walking up here to receive this honor and of course the recognition that goes on with it reminds me of the first time that I came to the plate at the major league ball club. Then as now, I may look fine on the outside but gee, my knees are weak. So you can just imagine how happy I was when in 1960. I hit my first home run off the Los Angles Dodgers, off of Stan Williams. Plus the first home run was a game winner and it all turned out real well, because after that first home run, 425 that followed. That thrill, thank you, that thrill in 1960 was no match for the call I got on January the 14th. It started with a call from Jack Lang who is the secretary treasurer of the Baseball Writers Association of America. And I think through the past years when Jack make his call, he don't call up players and ask about the weather or health. And I think those words that Jack speaks for me in the 6 years of waiting, anxiety and hope. I was really in the Hall of Fame and that's all that mattered to me at that time. As my 16 year member of the Chicago Cubs, I had become accustomed to waiting to hear that deriving phrase, "wait til next year". But at this time, I'm in the Hall of Fame and that's all that mattered to me. (applause) And I tell you when I got that call in January, it was beautiful because at that time I was able to share it with my wife Shirley, stand up. Shirley. (applause), my daughter, Valerie (applause), my daughter, Nana (applause), my daughter, Julia (applause), my daughter, Sandy (applause). As well as so many long time fans who saw me perform in Chicago. (applause) Thank you. I was so excited that I had to call my father, French Susie Williams in Winslow, Alabama. And I can remember the time right after I got the call from Jack Lang, I immediately got on the phone and I said, Dad, we made it. We're in the Hall of Fame. And it reminds me of a call I had to make 29 years earlier when I was called to the big leagues in Chicago. And I can remember doing the same thing, telling my father, I said, Dad, afterall the years, three and a half years, I have played in the minor league, I think the ultimate goal is to play on a big league and I called and I said, I'm here in Chicago. They gave me a Major League uniform and I'm here in the major leagues. (applause) I can't over emphasize the gratitude I owe to my parents who struggled in Winslow, Alabama. My Dad unloaded bananna boats to put food on the table and of course, my mother did house work in the area to help ends meet. Together, they pointed me in the right direction and they showered my brothers and sisters with love, affection, and guidance, and care. But at that time we didn't have very much money, but I think they could attest to most of the time we had other things. We were rich in spirit and we enjoyed each other. And we were proud. I wish my mother was here today to join in celebrating in this honor, but she's not, but I know she's here in spirit. Because she had such mean paroll especially in helping me develop my character so that I could deal with the ups and downs of life. But my brother Franklin, stand up Franklin, who played professional baseball with the Pittsburgh Pirates. (applause) Thank you. And my brother, Adolf and Clyde who played semi pro baseball. (applause) And my sister, Vera, who is here. And they're all here to share this honor along with my Dad who is watching now in Winslow, Alabama. Now here's the key, you Shirley, okay, are the unsung hero in my career. You've been a devoted friend and companion for more than 27 years. You were with me during my latter days in the minor leagues and of course throughout my professional career. Bringing comfort during trouble times and laughter during joyous moments. You enabled me to concentrate on baseball on those long road trips. You saw that the kids got their homework, got to school on time, clothed. You were there to council them with their problems and provided guidance when they needed it. Your assistance and cooperation was invaluable. I couldn't have made it without you. Okay. (applause)And looking back over my baseball career, I can recall some great moments. Going high into the vines at Wrigley Field, catching a line drive off the bat of Henry Aaron to save a no hitter for Kenny Holtzman. (applause) Coming in to make a shoestring catch to save another no hitter for Milt Pappas. (applause) Hitting a home run, 1964 All Star game, playing in 1117 ball games. And earning me the nickname, 'Iron Man'. (applause) Receiving the batting title in 1972 and getting the joy of playing in 6 All Star games. (applause) All of these milestones saw that I got help from a lot of great pitchers and it all began in 1956 with Ivy Griffin signing me to my first professional contract. And of course there was Buck O'Neil. When I was making my transition from the minor league to the Major League who counseled and guided me through those adjustment periods. And there were the teammates I had in the 60's and in the 70's, which were some of the greatest. Especially the '69 ball club. (applause) We batted as individuals and we played as a team. These and many people have made a great impact on my life. And in growing up, you always remember that one lady that when you was in grade school and her name was Lily A. Dickson. I can remember from time to time Ms. Dickson would come in the classroom year after year and the words she repeats, "good, better, best, never let it rest until the good is better and better is best." (applause) I knew the words meant nothing as a youngster, but year after year, they would surface, and become more and more pronounced as my career unfolds. By working hard I wanted to be the best ballplayer in the big league. I put these words into action and worked hard and hard each year. These few words were the driving force behind my desire to succeed. And baseball, the measurement and pinnacle will and always be election to the Baseball Hall of Fame. And now that I'm here in the Hall of Fame I think I can say I'm one of the best. (applause) Along with 198 others who have been enshrined in this Hall since 1939, my election this year, is of special importance to me. If it weren't for the courage of three great men, 40 years ago, I might not have the opportunity to have played 18 years in the big leagues and stand before you today. What occurred at that time took a deal of courage and a belief and ability of one man and of the righteousness and decision of the two others. In January 1947, the owners' voted 15 to 1 to keep blacks from the Major Leagues. That vote led Branch Rickey, who was the President and owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers to call Happy Chandler. Shortly after that phone call, history was made in a place called "The Cabin", in Versaille, Kentucky. During that meeting, they decided to bring Jackie Robinson into the major leagues, paving the way from the minority participation in America, the greatest past time. And it had nothing to do with the color of Jackie's skin, but all to do with his ability to play the game. (applause) All of this, of course, was proven in succeeding years by Jackie Robinson's outstanding performance on and off the field, and induction into Baseball's Hall of Fame in 1962. This followed by the induction of Branch Rickey in 1967 and of Happy Chandler in 1982. All of these great men deserve thanks and gratitude for taking that courageous step. (applause) Two of them are no longer with us today, but I personally would like to thank you, Happy Chandler, (applause) for your outgoing and steadfast support in the game of baseball. Not only as Commissioner, but from year to year coming up here and getting involved in these annual ceremonies. Thank you Sir. (applause) The past forty years have been difficult. But, it was laid, the ground was laid by such stars as Jackie Robinson, Larry Doby, Monte Irvin, who is with us, Satchel Paige, and others. As late as 1959, 1 could recall in Corpus Christie, Texas when I couldn't eat at a lunch counter with the team. The owner told me to go around to the back, if you want to eat in this restaurant and you eat in the kitchen by the stove. I was furious, but hungry. As we traveled up and down the highway on the road, I had to be taken to a private home. I couldn't stay at the hotel with the rest of the team. I think that most of you will agree, at this time, that wasn't right. (applause) Thank you. These injustices wasn’t fixed by Major League Baseball, they had to be fixed for all minorities years later by the government. This ceremony today is a reason to celebrate, but is also a time for reflection. A time to examine the games strength and weakness, by improving what is good and correcting what is bad. (applause) Yes, the road is rocky and long, but the time to pave the way for true equality is now. The next courageous step rests with the owners of 26 Major League ball clubs. They can make the difference by not looking at the color of a mans skin, but by examining his ability, talent, knowledge, and leadership. (applause) If this is the land of opportunity, then let it be true to become the land of opportunity for all. Questions have been raised in recent months by the media about the participation of blacks and other minorities in decision-making positions in baseball. The issue wouldn't have come up if every job in baseball was open to every league, creed, race, and nationality. But, this is not the case. We minorities, for the past 4 decades have demonstrated our talents as players. And now we deserve the chance and consideration to demonstrate similar talents, as third base coaches, as managers, as general managers, as executives in the front office, and yes, owners of major league ball clubs themselves. (applause) Baseball has become considered America's favorite past time. Now lets make this sport that reflects the true spirit of our great country and nation that more than 200 years ago was dedicated to the proposition that all men, all men are created equal. (applause) Yes, plans and words can be transformed into actions and deeds. We ask for nothing less but we seek what is just. (applause) I know the experience I've had over the past years as a coach have helped me to prepare myself for the days when I'd be considered for managerial or executive position with a Major League ball club.I always set high goals for achievement and look forward to and welcome the challenge and opportunity. As I reflect my life, I often think back to my mother's favorite hymn and it was, 'How Great Thou Art', which also has become a great hymn of mine. The words reflect the beauty of life and the appreciation each of us should have for this special blessing that is ours. And I've hummed them often because I thank the Almighty God for giving me the ability to play Major League baseball and for protecting me over my 2,488 games. The opportunity to have made so many friends in this game of baseball. I know God is watching over us and contributing to this joyous occasion by granting us such a wonderful day. Thank you for joining me at this most precious time of my life. Thank you and Thank you very much.   
