
    Peter, I guess you started to say almost what I was going to say about Mr. Steinbrenner and Mr. Finley. But it's a pleasure to be up here, among these great ballplayers. I'd hate to have to pitch against them today because I, with a lively ball, with what they were talking about, I'd probably give up too many home runs which I did when I pitched anyway. But, being here today is the biggest honor that any ballplayer could ever receive. And, I think these people out here are showing their gratitude of what they think of the ballplayers here today. Not only us three, the rest of them that's already in the Hall of Fame. Behind me was my wife, which she told me I'd better say this first or I was going to be gone. My wife, Helen and I got three children. Paul, Todd, and Kim. I think three of my sisters are here. Lilly, Marie, and Elizabeth. I got three brothers, Marvin, Edward, and Ray. And I got 4 or 5 bus loads and car loads, so I got the rest of the people here. You didn't have them all. But you know when I was growing up, as a kid, I guess born in a hometown, which is smaller than Cooperstown. Only about 2,000 people. Born on a farm. Mom and Dad worked hard. Taught us how to work and we thought we was pulling something on them by getting out there and playing baseball at lunchtime. They'd sit there and watch us and we thought we say well we'd play a couple hours. Couple hours we didn't have to work but that was a couple extra hours at night we had to work. We thought we were getting by with something. But every time we had a chance we had a baseball in our hands. And thanks to my brothers and some of my sisters got out there and played too, they taught me how to throw strikes. Thanks to them I gave up 379 home runs in the big leagues. But, when I was in the sixth grade, I guess when I really was pitching in Little League and everything, Pony League, had a teacher there, was the principal at the school. Ms. Stana Raya. She gave me opportunity to pitch for the seventh grade against the other school and we won. She really got me started in baseball.And then came on up to high school. Had a high school coach, I think he was just out of college. He only weighed about 200 pounds then, now he's lost back a bit, but he was a little bit higher a few years ago. That was Bobby Carter, which is here today. He coached me in high school, which he still got winners in high school. Coaching know for Roanoke Rapids in North Carolina. Bob and his wife is here. But, just before I forget anything, just before I got to Cooperstown, I visited some friends of ours. They are veterinarians and his wife told me just the day before I was going to get to Cooperstown, come take a ride with me. He said he had a minutes of work to do and we left about 8:30, 9:00. At 2:00 we were still out there working on some cattle. And I walked into the hotel, I smelt like a cow. Everybody looked at me like, what in the you know what... are you doing here. And when I got to the door, the guy says can I help you? I said I think I got a room. He said what is your name sir? But, Doug and Ray Hart sitting right here from Pine Plains, New York. But keeping on into baseball, from sixth grade on up, when I got to playing high school, I think the scouts started coming down when I was in 10th and 11th grade. And they saw me play shortstop. They saw me pitch and one scout asked me, what do you like to do? Well, that day I'd played shortstop, I had 2 home runs and I don't know how many runs I knocked in. I say I want to play shortstop. He said, I'll see you next year. Well the next year he saw me, I was pitching, he says I thought you were a shortstop. I said I am, when I don't pitch. I said I can hit also. You know I can pitch and hit. So then when I was a senior, I had a pretty good catcher. I had that behind me, named Francis Combs and shortstop named Freddy Combs, which is here today. There was a scout came down and scouted me, named Clyde Klutz. Clyde was the type of guy that he didn't mind sitting down eating with you. He didn't mind sitting down doing some work on the farm or whatever. But Clyde was the guy that would always tell you the truth. He was a guy that, he didn't want to shoot you a curve, he wanted to tell you the truth about baseball and everything that you were going to be confronted with, if you signed to play. And at that time Mr. Charlie Finley called and he said do you know a guy named Clyde Klutz, before he even told me his name. I said yes Sir, he's been living with me for the last two weeks. He said' I wanted to make sure because I'm paying his salary. And then he told me, I'm going to come down for the playoff games and look at you play. After that I want to sign you. Well, at that time I really didn't know anything about the Kansas City A's. Just a little bit. And my catcher that caught me in high school, Francis Combs says you don't know that team so that's the guy, the owner, with all the colorful uniforms and everything. He says he's out there trying to promote baseball and he says you might like to go with him. I said, well I don't know, as long as he gives me some money and he gives me a chance, I'll go. So after we went ahead and we lost the playoff's in my senior year in high school. Mr. Finley called three days later. He says I'm calling today to sign you. He said I know Clyde Klutz is there, cause I'm still paying his salary. He says, what do you want? Well, I says, I got to wait two more days cause I promised other teams that I wanted to talk to them. He says, I'm going to sign you today or I'll never talk to you again. So I set there a few minutes and Blue Moonodom had signed out of Macon, Georgia. I said, I want the same contract Blue Moonodom got plus I want a black Thunderbird. He set there a few minutes by the telephone. He says, well, why do you want the Thunderbird? I says, well, I think it's a pretty car. He says, I'm going to give you enough money to buy that Thunderbird, but I ain't going to give you that, so you can buy it with the money I give you. He says, I'll give you 75 thousand dollars, you sign today, right now, or that's it. I looked at my Dad and my Dad looked at me. He got up and walked out. When he walked out, I started thinking, 75 thousand dollars. At that time 75 dollars looked mighty good. So I said, I'll sign. So he said, all right let me talk to Clyde. So Clyde Klutz was sitting there writing things down, and everything and he said Mr. Finley wants to talk back to you. Mr. Finley said, do you have a nickname? I said, no Sir. He said, well to play baseball you have to have one. He says, what do you like to do? I said. “hunt and fish,” He said, well when you were 6 years old, you ran away from home and went fishing. By four o'clock that afternoon your mom and dad had been looking for you all day, they found you. You'd caught two catfish and was bringing in your third one. He says, now repeat it to me. So I had to repeat it to me, so I had to repeat it to everyone I met that was a friend of Mr. Finley's. But you know when you say, Jim Hunter now, nobody really recognizes that name, but when you say 'Catfish' everybody remembers it. Thank you Mr. Finley for the nickname. (applause) Thank you for giving me a chance to play baseball, signing me with the Kansas City A's, and making us a winner because when we first started and my Dad said who's this guy owning this team? We was losing 105, 108 games a year. He said, don't he have anybody that can play ball. But we did. We, all of us signed about the same time 1964, '65 right in that era and all at once we started putting it together. And when we did, we started to win, as great ballplayers, like Reggie Jackson, Sal Bando, Campaneras, Rudy, Dick Green, Bill Knoll, playing center-field, right on down the line. Epstein, Mike Hegan, and you know how you can't leave out Rollie Fingers because he came in and saved so many games for me I can't believe. But some of these guys will be up here one of these days behind me. But, after the 1974 season, Mr. Finley and I didn't see eye to eye on our contract. So I went to arbitration and I won that and I don't know how, but I did. And I talked to all these clubs and the first club I talked to was the Cleveland Indians. And they offered me a five-year contract for a million dollars. I came home and looked at my wife. I said, Cleveland Indians is the cheapest team in baseball and they offered me a million dollars, can you believe that? And it started going right on up and right on up, and at that time I didn't get to talk to Mr. Steinbrenner. He wouldn't, I don't think he could work that year for some reason or another. But I started talking to the Yankees and I think the main reason that I signed was again because of Clyde Klutz. Clyde was there in the front office telling me things to look out for in New York City, things not to do in New York City, things to look forward to, everything. And it came down to the last elicit in my life and I said, I'm going to sign with somebody today and that's all there is to it. I'm getting tired of it,going over there every day, every day, every day. And Clyde and I ate in the Tomahawk Motel in Hoski and we're sitting there talking, and he says, I know we're out of it. You're not going to sign with the Yankees, but I'd like to just talk to you today and eat breakfast with you. So we started talking and everything. And he said, you know we might be closer than you think. So he said, let's go over to Mr. Carlton office, with Mr. Carlton sitting right over here, my lawyer that drew up my contract, Joe Flag. I don't know if Mr. Tom's here or not, but that day we went over there and Mr.Cherry said, what are you going to do? I says, well, we're going to talk to the Yankees today. He said, they're not on the list. I says, well I don't care, we're going to talk to them. I said, I'm getting tired of talking to everybody. Let's talk to the Yankees. So we sit there from about 8:30, 9:00 to 11:00 and Mr. Cherry would write down this and Mr. Tom would do this and Mr. Flike would do this and I'm sitting there listening about the money. That's what I want to hear. And by 11:00 they said we think we got everything straight. They were talking to Gabe Paul. So let's fly to New York and we got there that afternoon. By 9:30 that night they were still working on the contract. They had one of the Yankees owners to fly on the airplane. He wrote 11 pages while we were riding 45 minutes, amendment to the contract. So anyway, we get there and I got all my lawyers there, all the Yankees lawyers are there and they sit there 45 minutes, acting like neither of them knew what they were talking about. And I said, I know you know my lawyers range from the age of, I think it was about 25 or 30 on up to about 65. I says, hey, you know we got to have people that know what they're doing. So anyway I signed with the Yankees. That night, New Years night and Mr. Tom Cherry at that time says lets stay over in New York City and celebrate. I said no, tomorrow's the last day of deer season, I'm going home and hunt. And thanks to Mr. Steinbrenner, Mr. Finley gave me the opportunity to start playing in the big league, and Mr. Steinbrenner gave me enough money to retire after 5 years. Thank you Mr. Steinbrenner, thanks for coming today. (applause) Like I said before, when I pitched the big leagues with the Oakland A's and with the New York Yankees, there's no way I could pitch and win a ball game by myself. I had to have help. I had to have defense, offense, everybody had to play together. And that's the only way that I knew how to win, is to be together and to win together. Play together, want to win. And I think that's what made me win as many games as I did, because of the players behind me, the coaches, the manager, front office, the owners, getting the players to produce. A lot of times you see players that don't want to play baseball, even though today they make a lot of money. A lot of them don't want to play, they get out there once in awhile and jake, when they got one or two players that will get on, on each club, I always love to get on somebody's lope because I know he won't put in 100% and I wanted to tell him if he didn't want to play, to go home. And that's the way I always thought about playing baseball or playing any sport or anything. The only thing you can do is give that 100%. There's not such a thing to me as 110, 105% and you're the only one that knows what you can do out there. If you don't give that 100%, you're not going to succeed in anything. And thanks to the good Lord, I'm here today and thanks to the news media, the fans that supported me. And my friends and neighbors that are here from North Carolina. It's the greatest honor that any guy could ever receive. Thank you.   
