
    Commissioner, Hall of Famers. It is a pleasure to be here, to be amongst some of the greatest ballplayers there ever was. This is probably the happiest day of my life. I'm sad in one way and glad in another way. I'm sad that I wasn't in my prime when the barrier was broke. When the barrier was broke I was in the twilight of my career. And I hope that some of you out there have seen me play.Before I go any farther, I'd rather introduce myself and my family. First, my family is here and I wish each and everyone would stand when I call their name. First, I want to introduce you to my wife, Henrietta. She's the one that's put up with my ways so many years. (applause) Next, I want to introduce my daughter, Delores and her family. (applause) Will you all please stay standing, please. Next, I want to introduce you to my oldest son, Ray Dandridge Jr. and his family. Next, I want to introduce you to my youngest son, Lawrence Dandridge and his family. (applause) Also I have in the audience, my nieces and nephews, Will they stand? (applause) Next I want to introduce and I hope some of them are here. Therefore I have 19 grandchildren. I wish they all would stand. The ones that are here, I have 19 grandchildren and 6 great. (applause) And also I want to send my best regards to Buffalo, New York, to my sister who was unable to make it and I'm sorry but, she couldn't make it, she's in the hospital. And after I leave Cooperstown, I'll be on my way to Buffalo to visit my sister. (applause)The only thing I can say, it's a great credit to baseball that the game was not forgotten of us, who people say were born too late. First, I want to introduce where I'm from. I was born in Richmond, Virginia. I was educated primarily in Buffalo, New York. I played most of my baseball career out of Newark, New Jersey. (applause) And that was approximately about 40 to 50 years I was in New Jersey and now I live in Palm Bay, Florida. I began playing my professional baseball career in. 1933 with the Detroiters, like the Commissioner said. I went to the Dodgers and the Newark Eagles, and so on. I was part of the million-dollar infield for Newark Eagles back during that time. I was there when Monte Irvin, Larry Doby, and Don Newcombe came with a bunch of rookies. After those years, I played in the foreign countries like the Commissioner said. All the Latin countries and everything else and I enjoyed it. I also went to Minneapolis in the American Association to play ball. The first year I went to Minneapolis, well, my average was 368. Missed the batting championship by 2 points. Second year, we had a rookie named Willie Mays. He came with the club in around 1950 and he began his brilliant career but the only thing I didn't like about Willie, DiMaggio had me hidden behind Willie and, and every time Willie would come up and bang one, they's kinda knock me down. (applause) So I went to the Skip. His name was Tommy Hee. I went to Skip. I say, Skip, if you don't get that man out of front of me, I say, you gonna get me killed. Well, me and Mays, we was playing the exhibition game in Sioux City, Iowa. And that was the first year that the Giants called Mays up and we was sitting in a moving picture show. So after the game I went to the hotel, went to the ballpark and asked Skip. I said Skip, where's Mays? He said Mays', is half way to New York. Well, after that I figure, if Mays went there that quick and the way I been out here a long time, maybe I'll be next. So, therefore they had a chance to bring me up and some of the, ballplayers wanted to come and still they wouldn't sign my contract. The only thing I wanted to do in downtown was just to put one foot into the Major Leagues. If I didn't stay but just one week. After that, I figured that the Giants would bring me up, but they never did. So, that's all I can say about that.Some of them been asking me, what is the greatest thrills in baseball?I played for almost 23 to 24 years of baseball. Winter and summer and I had so many thrills. Right now if anybody would ask me what my greatest thrill was, but my biggest thrill came when, March the third, Mr. Ed Stack called my house, and ya know like you do, I was resting. My wife was in the backyard. So I answered the phone. The phone call said, "I'm trying to find Ray Dandridge." I say "I'm Ray Dandridge." "Is that you Ray Dandridge, the ballplayer?" I say "Yah." And all of a sudden he says, "Your life has changed." I say, "What do you mean, my life is changed?" Ya know sometimes you get some of them crank calls. (applause) So afterwards me and him talked awhile and then he says, "I'm Ed Stack, the President of the Hall of Fame and you have just been elected for the Hall of Fame." (applause)Now, I want to sincerely thank each and every veteran on the committee for allowing me to smell the roses, My only question is, Why did you take so long. (applause, laughter) I can see in the audience I gotta quite a few friends. North, East, South, West, and these people have traveled a long way and I want to thank each and everyone for coming to Cooperstown to see me elected in the Hall. Thanks. (applause)In closing, let me say, if I had to do it all over again. I think I would do it the same way. (applause) I love the game of baseball and I hope that today looked like baseball loved me. (applause) So now I'm going to say goodbye and I love you all. Maybe you never know how much I love you. Thank you and God bless you all.   
