
    Thank you Commissioner, Hall of Fame committee members, friends, inductees and the family. When I began my career as an umpire fifty three years ago, I had absolutely no idea of the direction my career would take. I didn't know how long it would be before I would make the big leagues or if in fact I would become a success or a failure. I certainly never envisioned that one day I would be placed among the most respected in the game of baseball and the honor that is being bestowed upon me. today. Like most people associated with major league baseball I earned, I entered the game because I loved it and I wanted it to be a part of my life. I had hoped for many fond memories for a decent living for my family and how I could have accomplished those goals by making myself a respectable umpire. I would have a memorable career if a man's memories are a part determiner of measurers of the success then am I among the most successful and fortunate guys in the world.. The older we become the more we have the tendency to reflect upon those times in the moment in life that are most lasting and meaningful and make us what we are today. Forty eight years ago I met Jennie, stand Jennie. (applause) The most beautiful girl in the world. Then she blessed me with the birth of our two daughters Marleen and Kathleen. Please stand, girls (applause) and standing here today to see the enshrinement into the Hall of Fame gives me a feeling of satisfaction and accomplishment that I will cherish forever. I want to thank you Jennie. For she was much more than a wife. She was both mother and father to our daughters. She never complained of my absence during the season but instead supported me all the way. She kept the home from going. Raised the girls and set the standards for them to follow. So this honor is theirs as much as it is mine. Life has been rich to me as a family man for I've got four fine grandchildren. Michael and Thomas both serving in the U.S. Marine Corps. Would you both boys stand (applause) and here are also my granddaughters, Alicia and Hilary. Please stand. (applause) I believe that a man cannot receive no greater honor than to stand in front of his family, friends and peers and being singled out to be recognized is really the highest merits of this profession. Your paying me tribute today that I could not have reached this plateau what that the love and support of my family. This is why this enshrinement means so much to me because I can share it with those who made it possible. I would hope that my enshrinement as a member of this select group of individuals will serve as an inspiration to all umpires past and present. And will motivate umpires of today and tomorrow to approach the game with the same degree of integrity, honesty and sense of fair play that I hope will be attributed to me. I want to thank the Hall of Fame Committee for making this occasion possible. Allowing me to become part of such an honored and distinguished company. The greatest names in baseball are enshrined here. My dreams are fulfilled far beyond my expectations. My only regret is that two people who are always a source of strength and inspiration for me who gave me the ideals which I hold dear to me and could not be here this day and could not be here this day with us. My mother and father, who are both deceased. My parents, but they are here with me in memory and spirit and I will one day share this moment with them in time. If you could feel the emotion and the sentiment that I hold in my heart today, you would realize how grateful I am and how lucky I feel. Once again, thank you Hall of Fame committee members, other inductees, friends and most of all family. Thank you for sharing this honor with me.   
