
    Thank you Mr. Commissioner. (applause) Thank you very much. (applause) Thank you. It was a long five years late and I'll tell you that. (applause) Thank you very much. (applause) Thank you. (applause)Ever since my election to the Hall of Fame in January, I've done a lot of reflecting on the reasons for my being elected and the why of my being here in Cooperstown. It's such an honor being here today and being surrounded by my family. I'd like to introduce them to you. My wife, Carol, daughter Sue, Kara, my daughter Mary Ann, her husband Kevin. My son Mike, his wife Ann Marie and my brother Richard and my eight-month grandson, K.C. Stand up. (applause)The reasons for my election are many. I can never forget, nor will I, the hundreds of hours of help and inspiration given me by so many people. Both in the minor leagues starting with Eddie Popowsky, Bobby Doerr, Ed Kenney, Gene Mauch and right up through the majors when I started my first manager Mike Higgins through my last Ralph Houk and also my many teammates who I played with all those 23 years. Starting with the Chuck Schillings, the Frank Malzones and ending. with the Jim Rices, the Dwight Evans and the Bob Stanleys. (applause)I remember in 1961 when I was a scared rookie hitting .220 out after the first three months of my baseball season, doubting my ability, a man was fishing up in New Brunswick. I said, "Can we get a hold of him? I need help. I don't think I can play in the big leagues." He flew into Boston. Worked with me for three days. Helped me mentally. Gave me confidence that I could play in the big leagues. I hit .300 for the rest of the season. I'd like to thank Ted Williams. (applause) Ladies and gentlemen, no man is an island. He must have a support system which without he cannot function.Take my father. Super athlete himself. Possessing all the talent and dedication needed to make the big leagues but living at the time of the depression. He had to suppress his own desires in order that his family could survive and prosper so he worked and labored toward that end. If ever there's living proof that some people make sacrifices for others it's my dad. (applause) You know, (applause) you know, I've often been asked during my career how can you stand up to the rigors of big league baseball and it's pressure packed situations and I've always answered the same way. Pressure, what pressure? Pressure is what faces millions and millions of fathers and mothers trying to earn a living every day to support a family, to give it comfort, devotion and love. That's what pressure really is and that's what my dear mother whom I miss today and my father gave me and that's why I specifically mention them today. To acknowledge their heart well presence in my life for my accomplishments. I'd like to introduce my dad. (applause)How lucky I have been to have been a member of the Boston Red Sox. (applause) A truly great organization headed by that wonderful man, Mr. Tom Yawkey. (applause) To have played my whole career for one team and in one city, Boston, doesn't happen for many major league ball players. (applause) The debt of gratitude which I owe him and his dear wife, Jean, who has honored me by being here today, can never be repaid, Mrs. Jean Yawkey. (applause) And to you sports writers who have always treated me fairly and with understanding, you too are part of the support system. I thank you for electing me to the Hall of Fame. (applause)If these are the reasons for my being here in Cooperstown it's only fair to ask why? Not blessed with the great God given talent like superb physical strength I'd have worked twice as hard and twice as long as many of my peers. As the great Grantland Rice said, "And when the one great scorer comes to write against your name, he marks not that you've won or lost but how you played the game." (applause)I can stand here, I can stand before you today and tell you honestly that everyday I put on that Red Sox uniform I gave 100% of myself for my own. (applause) I treated it with dignity and respect in deference to our fans. A high regard for my teammates, coaches and management. Anything less would not have been worthy of me. Anything more would not have been possible of me and if there is any message I can leave on this great day of tradition and honor let it be this. "That the race doesn't always belong co the swift nor the battle to the strong. It belongs rather to those who run the race, who stay the course and who fought the good fight. To those members before me, may you always wear the mantle of your membership with pride. To those of you who are to come after me, may you too enjoy the spirit of tradition and accomplishment that is ours today. You should, for you like every baseball player who ever wore the uniform of the game. That's why I'm so proud today to have played a role however small in a game which is America's pastime and a game which has been a big part of my life."Thank you very much.  
