
    Thank you. I gotta get ready here. Well, thank you Commissioner. But to simply say thank you for an honor such as this is not enough. I'm very happy to be joining these great men in the baseball Hall of Fame. I've had ties with all of them. I managed Johnny in a couple of All Star games and I knew he would become one of the games great catchers. (applause) As a World Series opposing manager, Carl's talents were painfully evident. (applause) Al was one of the best umpires. (applause) I always appreciated his fair judgment and I'm glad we're still friends. I have to mention Harry because we did come up together. He as a broadcaster, me as a player and we got together back there in St. Louis, a great city, baseball city of St. Louis. Harry we're still going strong.I admire all these men and I'm thrilled to be joining them in receiving baseball's highest honor especially on the occasion of the Hall of Fame's 50th Anniversary. Baseballs been my whole life. 47 years ago my friends Joe Lindemann, Joe Hockey and myself hitchhiked a ride on a milk truck from Germantown, Illinois to St. Louis. We were going for a try out with the St. Louis Cardinals. I never thought that milk truck ride would eventually lead to Cooperstown and then baseballs highest honor.First base was growing up in Germantown, Illinois. I could find a ball game and play everyday. Everybody played in Germantown. My sister, my five brothers. Pop would come home from work from the coal mines and then go play ball and mom was just great. She went along with all this baseball commotion. I wish they were here today. But I'm happy my brothers Andy, Mick, Elmer, Joe and their families are here with me today. Could you stand up brothers? Where are they? (applause) In fact, a lot of my buddies from Germantown are here including my life long friend Joe Lindemann and his wife Babe. We had some great times in Germantown.Second base was when I became a major league player. I would play any position my manager asked. Whatever it took to win I was willing to do. All I ever wanted was to be on that line up card everyday and become a champion. I've been a member of some great teams like the championship teams John Quinn and Fred Haney put together in Milwaukee in '57 and '58. 1 was also on the last Giant team Horace Stoneham had in New York and Charlie Finley gave me the opportunity to coach in the American League. I've had the unique pleasure of being teammates with some of the greatest players in the history of baseball. Stan "The Man", Willie Mays, Warren Spahn, Henry Aaron and Eddie Mathews. But my best memories are being a St. Louis Cardinal and participating as a player, a manager and a coach in seven World Series. As a rookie can you imagine stepping into a line up that listed Terry Moore, Enos Slaughter, the Cooper boys, Brecheen, Pollet and Kurowski and eventually a partner at the Keystone with Marty Marion. But the luckiest break for me was when I became Stan Musial's roommate. We had great games and good times together. Stan 'and Lil are dear friends and I'm glad once again we will be roommates here in the Hall of Fame. (applause)I owe so much to Mr. Gussie Busch and the Cardinal organization. I've come to the Cardinals three different times and I know Gussie is responsible for my tenure with the St. Louis Cardinals. I am sorry he cannot be here today, still I'm delighted to see so many friends from the Cardinal organization. Fred Coleman and his wife Mildred and others. I'd like to mention some other people from the Cardinals who have meant so much to me. Bing Devine, Bob Bauman and Dr. Stan London. Also many players who gave their best for me during my twelve years as a manager. I cannot forget the favorable treatment by the press and radio throughout the country. Two other people I cannot leave out are Dr. William Warner and Dr. Joe La Sieto. Their medical skills enabled me to continue my playing career. Finally, I would like to give a tremendous ovation to the millions of fans who have supported me. Playing for you has been fantastic.Third base happened forty two years ago when I met a dark haired, Irish girl, on a Grand Avenue streetcar. She asked me for my autograph. Well, two years later I signed her up. (laughter)Mary would you stand up, please. (applause) I had the best father and mother in law in the world. They helped Mary with the children and pop O'Reilly pinch hit for me so many times. I would like for you to meet my children right now. Cathleen, Eileen, Kevin and Colleen (applause) and I'm very proud of them. I have three wonderful sons in laws and a lovely daughter in law but especially dear to Mary and me are our grandchildren, all nine of them. What a ball team. (applause) And so for forty five continuous years I've worn a major league uniform as a player, a coach and manager and today I'm still putting on a uniform to coach for Whitey and the Cardinals. Baseball has been my only job. I still get a thrill putting on that uniform and to hear that wonderful words of "play ball." (applause) Baseball has given me recognition throughout the world and now it is rewarding me with this greatest honor of being inducted in the Hall of Fame. I guess I've crossed home plate. Thank you Veterans Committee. But I would like to share one little with you Mary's favorite quotes and mine too. "In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer." I'm humbly grateful. God has truly blessed us. My family and me we give you our heart felt thanks. Thank you.  
