
    Thank you very much, Commissioner. Pardon me Joe, I got it. Gotta do it to you. I won’t even mention Earl Weaver. Thank you very much. They were very kind words and I think as everybody has alluded to over this weekend, you are doing one great job and it hasn’t been an easy one so I think baseball is in great hands. Thank you very much, you’re doing a heck of a job.This could be tough. I was crying at his speech. But seriously, you know, it is a great honor to go through this with a guy like Joe Morgan. You have to understand what baseball’s all about and part of that is the competitiveness. I mean, it says so right here. But there isn’t anybody on this stage who would not be in the Hall of Fame if they weren’t good competitors. I said yesterday at the press conference that I’m glad that Joe Morgan, I mean I faced him in the ’77 All-Star Game, hit a home run, that’s because I didn’t want to walk him. I knew what would happen if I did. He’d steal second, then if he was feeling particularly peppy that day, he would steal third, and then that guy would hit a ground ball to second base, and then I’d be trailing by one run, so I let him hit a home run. I’m not sure if he’s aware of that but you know the numbers speak for themselves and I think more importantly is that we had a chance to play against Cincinnati in 1970 and we were fortunate enough to win that World Series. Probably wouldn’t have won it if Joe Morgan was on that ball club because what he did is he added a number of elements to the opposition. If you were the opposing pitcher that was very tough to deal with not only on a personal level if you were pitching against him, but from a team level; and that was intensity, speed, which is the factor that I never liked, it makes you change your whole tempo. And if you had to pitch against him in an All-Star Game or you get behind in the count as I did in an All-Star Game, he’s able to hit home runs. Not to mention the fact that he did what all players do when they want to have great careers, they work hard at their crafts. Wasn’t a particularly good defensive player so I understand. At least that’s what Robin Roberts told me, but he worked himself. Seriously, Robin saying that he played with him his first year and he said, “You now, you gotta follow through throwing, you got to work on your fielding.” He did and that’s why he’s in the Hall of Fame.So, in this year when I would happily come up here by myself and get inducted into the Hall of Fame it makes it even more special to have a guy like Joe Morgan who meant so much to all the ball clubs he played for. So again my congratulations on just a great career and you know, as Joe said this is the day that we’re obviously (Joe and I) being inducted, but to me it’s a celebration of baseball because it’s, I think all you had to do is be here yesterday and walk through the streets of Cooperstown or look outside today, especially yesterday, five or six hours of rain and people were still out there in spite of the rain, caring about baseball and that’s what it’s all about.I guess I should mention the fact that we as players don’t elect ourselves to the Hall of Fame. We’re elected by the baseball writers. My congratulations to By Saam who I don’t believe, I don’t think he ever did one of my games or he would have a lot to talk about, sometimes good, sometimes bad. Jerry Holtzman who I’ve dealt with for many years in Chicago. Congratulations to them and of course my thanks to the Baseball Writers’ Association of America who I guess felt fit to elect me to the Hall of Fame. That’s how you get here and I guess I was second to Bob Feller and that’s a statement in itself. I would have got in here with a bare 75% minimum votes but to be second in the all-time list again I’m not sure that’s, in fact I am sure that what it means is in that particular year you got a lot of votes but I’m just thrilled to be in the Hall of Fame and to be second in total votes to Bob Feller, a guy that missed four or five years in the Army and still won over 260 games. He used to test his fastball by racing horses and motorcycles. He knew how hard he’d throw but when I grew up I wanted to be like a Bob Feller so it’s just great to be here.I think I should introduce my family and friends. Not all of them because I don’t want to get a big head. But my wife Joni is here. Joni will you please just stand up quickly. She’s my new wife, she’s not that new, but she’s really been a great help. It’s been a very busy year working for the Orioles and ESPN as Joe mentioned. Her son, PJ, is here today. This is not in any order, but my dad is next, Max Palmer. Max has signed more autographs than I have this weekend. Thank you. I’d work on that Jim, if you just get the J a little bit better on the Jim I think we can…and my two daughters, Jamie is 23. She works up at the Children’s Museum in Boston. Graduated from Williams-Smith at Hobart and she’s here today. Will you please stand? I have not seen a pay check but she does tell me she has a job. And my other daughter, the one that was hanging around with Ted Williams’ son last night. Think she’s safe? What do you think, Kelly Palmer. They were hanging around at the Hall of Fame so I think everything was all right. Kelly goes to the University of Colorado, and a lot of other people are here. My friends, and you know Joe said that the ones that stayed. I see Davie Leonard who played with me for the Orioles and was my roommate for many years, Davie. Friends in the restaurant business, the Paccinos, the Englehardts who, Dr. Englehardt taught me everything about planning so I could get through those long summers when I went three or four starts without winning. So it’s nice to see your friends here and especially a guy like Mike Flanagan who was pitching with Toronto earlier in the year was here. I don’t know if he’s still here, came all the way from Kenosha, Wisconsin.I think some people wonder why all these baseball writers got underwear for the last fifteen years since they’ve been eligible, but the people from Jockey were here yesterday just to make sure I had my underwear on but you know it’s an interesting thing about that. I found out, I was talking to Bill Herrmann who works for Jockey. He said, “You know, did you know that Yogi Berra used to model in our underwear long before they ever thought about using you?” I guess I can talk about Yogi because he’s not here, but I just can’t imagine Yogi Berra in a pair of boxer shorts.But seriously, I had a wonderful career and it all started, I introduced you to my father Max. In 1963, I signed with the Orioles and a number of other ball clubs. The ironic thing is that the other club that really wanted me to sign with them was the Houston Astros. So Joe and I could have been teammates. Maybe we even could have been traded to Cincinnati at the same time. But in Scottsdale, Arizona was Jim Russo who I believe is here. He was the scout that signed me. Jim Wilson also was there. You think back about why things happened. In the 1980’s the Orioles, approaching the end of 1979, the Orioles were bought by a guy by the name of Edward Bennett Williams who was maybe a lot of people feel the best trial lawyer that ever lived. He bought the ball club right before the World Series. We lost to the Pirates and Willie Stargell had a terrific World Series in seven games. I think it was seven games, yeah, it was. We lost to them twice, I miscounted. But anyway we lost to the Pirates and Ed Williams bought the ball club and the next year we were up in Fenway Park and we’re not playing well and Earl Weaver had tried everything. He had threatened us, he tried to give us enticements, you know, pay for your green fees. I don’t know but he was trying everything to win and Edward Bennett Williams asked us if he could talk to the ball club. And Ed, I guess one of the reasons he was such a great lawyer, he was always totally prepared and he had great oratory skills. Ed was the type of guy that when he bought the ball club he told everybody, “I know nothing about baseball.” Three months later, he knew more than Earl Weaver. He was that type of guy. You may know some of these people. I know we have a lot of people who are interested in baseball out there. But anyway, he talked to us about the fact that baseball and being a trial lawyer were very comparable. He said he used to prepare for a case to be in court for a month and a half and he’d have a lot of problems losing. He couldn’t really deal with it, and had problems dealing with how to rationalize with putting everything you have into something and then losing. And he talked about the total commitment. That’s what everybody sitting behind me was able to do during their careers. Totally commit themselves. But I never heard it verbalized like Ed Williams was able to do that day. He talked about a spiritual, an intellectual, a physical, and total emotional level of committing yourself, and you know it sounded very good. He said it as well and he said, “All you can ever ask of yourself is to totally commit yourself in those four areas.” He said, “All I can ask of you as the owner of the ball club, or your teammates can ask of you, it’s the same thing, the only thing that your manager can ask of you, the fans, and once you do that you can walk off the field, you can look at the scoreboard and you can live with yourself. You can go home even though you wanted to win knowing you’ve done your best.” So you know I thought about that and then I started thinking well, how did that come to light in my life.And I go back to when I was first born. I was adopted, adopted at birth. You wonder about the spiritual part of, I mean, how does it happen that you have parents that want you, that love you, and are always there for you. I mean, it’s an amazing thing when you look back at 44 years ago and think that in the beginning everything started out properly.I wanted to say hello to a friend of mine who I know is listening and will be listening on ESPN. Jack Giver, who is 94, would have been here today. Jack was there when I was brought home from the hospital. But anyway, you wonder when you’re signing a baseball contract at age 17, and you have a step-father like Max Palmer who’s there saying, “I think you ought to sign with the Orioles. I think that maybe that would be the right thing to do,” and looking back on my career it certainly was. The fact that you have a chance to sign with a ball club that through 1965 to 1984 had the best record in baseball. I don’t want to make Tommy Lasorda mad, but year in and year out the Orioles had the best winning percentage. My first year in Aberdeen, South Dakota I got a chance to play for a guy that worked with the Orioles for 34 years. That was Cal Ripken, Sr. Cal taught me how to…Joe Morgan talked about having fun, well we had a ball club that won 13 in a row in spring training, 25 out of the first 29. Out of that ball club we sent Mark to the big leagues. Mike Fiore, Eddie Watt, Davie Leonard played about six years in the big leagues. He was 16-4 that year. We had a marvelous ball club. Spent one year in the minor leagues and the next year I was in the big leagues.That following year I went to the instructional league and I met a guy for the first time, George Bamberger. I led the Northern League that first year in Aberdeen in wild pitches, walks, strikeouts and earned run average. I had no idea where the ball was going, but somewhere along the line George made it a point to change my windup. He used to have me like a boxer where you shadow box in front of a mirror. I’d go down to the bullpen without a baseball and work on windup, balance trying to get everything together so I could have my maximum abilities going towards the hitter and it seemed to work.We mentioned Lee MacPhail. Lee MacPhail was my first general manager. What I remember most about 1964 was I was 11-3 in Aberdeen, 6-2 in winter ball, and when I asked him for a raise he sent me the same contract which was $500 a month, seven times in a row. I called one of my friends and he said, “You know what, you ought to tear up that contract and send it back because I think he’s sending you the same one.” So I sent it to him, I tore it up, and I got another one. And the guy said, “By the way, also tell him that your wife is pregnant,” which she wasn’t. So I did and I got a $100 raise. So, being 17-5 I got nothing but for getting my wife pregnant I got a hundred dollar raise. Now that’s the way baseball’s changed. Now they pay you three million dollars and if you make the All-Star Game you get a $50,000 bonus. It’s a great world. I think I was born a little bit too early, but I won’t worry about that.You know, the second part of Ed Williams’ formula was totally committing yourself physically. I think what always got me in touch with my major league career and my abilities was the fact that I tore my rotator cuff, back then it was just a sore arm, in 1965. I was 21 years of age. I spent two years in the minors where I was pretty much introduced as the guy to last beat Sandy Koufax. That gets real old. But when I came back I went to our trainer, at the time Ralph DiSalvo, who was with the Orioles. Joe saw him as a minor league trainer. Ralph said, “You have a hole in your back.” I went in and rehabbed it and seven weeks later I went down to the instructional league. During those years I saw a lot of doctors. I saw Robert Curlen who is one of the foremost orthopedists in California. He saved my career. Got rid of something that bothered me for two years in a matter of a day and a half. I saw a doctor in Baltimore, Stanley Cohen, who rehabilitated my arm. I think one great thing about having an injury early in your career is that it makes you appreciate what kind of ability you have. I wonder often if maybe I had gone through my career never having any kind of set backs if I would have had the same perspective. The guy that I met who was part owner of the Red Sox, Arthur Pappos. The Oriole team doctor who I believe was here yesterday, I don’t know if he’s still here, Chick Silverstein. He was a tremendous help toward the end of my career. But the one thing about, if you’re going to be a good major league baseball player, you’d better have a good trainer, and there was none better than Ralph DiSalvo and I wish he was here.I talked about Ed Williams’ intellectual preparation and I think the greatest thing, and I mentioned it before, was the fact that I played for the best team in baseball from 1965 to 1984. My first year all I had to do is look around. Brooks Robinson was here yesterday, he was playing third base and my shortstop was Luis Aparicio. Robin Roberts, who I almost feel like I need to defend because so many guys went 4 for 4 off him, was my very first roommate. You know a man that eventually won 286 games and Robin put it in the proper perspective. He said, “Kid,” (I think he was 38 and I was 19), he said, “You got a good fast ball.” He said, “I think you’re smart enough to throw it.” I had a chance to talk to him last night at dinner and what Robin was able to impart from a wisdom standpoint in 1965 I don’t think I ever forgot. The best pitch in baseball is the fast ball even if you don’t have the best fast ball in baseball. If you know where it is going, if you can throw it low and away, and occasionally come up and in, and get a breaking ball over every once in a while, you’re going to be successful. If you have a guy like Brooks Robinson playing third base and Frank Robinson in right field, and Luis Aparicio, and Belanger, and Grich, and so on and so one down the line, you’re going to win a lot of ball games. I always felt the formula for Jim Palmer was, I will do my job and the Orioles would do theirs and they did. The commissioner of baseball talked about six championship teams. Well, that’s what it was all about. I never was really enamored with strikeouts unless you had a guy on third base with less than two outs and then I wanted to strike somebody out. It’s not a put down of anybody but it’s just not the way the Orioles taught baseball. All I had to do is look around baseball today to see what kind of organization the Orioles have spun. Lee MacPhail was president of the American League, Frank Cashen runs the Mets, Al Harrison is there. Bill Malcalvane. If you go to Milwaukee you see Harry Dalton. George Bamberger who was so instrumental in my career managed the Mets, managed the Brewers. Jimmy Frey was my first base coach. In fact, in Thomasville, Georgia in my first year he wanted me to play for him in the instructional league or in the winter league. I said, “No. I think I’ll go to Aberdeen with Cal Ripken.” It was a great decision but Jimmy is doing a great job in Chicago. So everywhere you look in baseball you see former Orioles, and I guess the crux of my comments is the fact that I never would have been in the Hall of Fame if it hadn’t been for the Orioles. My parents were so supportive. Max was there when I took his name. My first name used to be, my last name used to Wiesen and at the Little League banquet in Beverly Hills, my mother married Max when I was about eleven years old and I thought it would be fitting to take his name. But they were always there and that’s what growing up and getting in the big leagues at 19 and having daughters that were supportive. I mean, Kelly wrote a letter to the editor when she was 14. I don’t know if Jerry Holtzman would have ever written the article, but somebody wrote an article that said I didn’t care and Kelly wrote a letter to the editor at 14 years of age. I was shocked. I never knew she even followed baseball, but you know things like that you remember, and playing for the Orioles. And the last thing that Ed Williams talked about was emotional involvement. I think attitude is so important in baseball. You play 162 games. Anybody behind me can tell you that you better show up ready to play, and the guy that taught me about that was Earl Weaver. Earl Weaver’s theory was very basic. He said, “Let’s win today and worry about tomorrow, tomorrow.” We had our differences. I was 6’4”. He was 5’6”. That wouldn’t have been a problem except that every time he wanted to take me out, he wanted to come to the highest point of the mound and I never would let him. But I learned a lot from Earl Weaver. You know, Joe talked about the salary difference in baseball. The players today are marvelous players. The game has evolved. It’s changed but the truest test of a pitcher is to try to get a good hitter out the fourth time. You don’t have to do that anymore, and it’s not to downgrade any of the starters now, but what Earl Weaver, and I think one of the reasons I’m in the Hall of Fame, is that Earl had confidence in me. He felt that I was better than anybody in the bull pen and gave me the ball when the ninth inning started, and that’s how you complete games. That’s how you win a lot of games. Maybe that’s how you win 20 games, eight times, that and playing for a great ball club. But Earl, there was never one spring training when any Oriole that played for Earl Weaver went to spring training without a chance to be in a contending ball club a chance to win, and that’s what the game of baseball is all about.Joe Morgan, greatest player that he was, his impact on baseball was that he was a winner and that’s what Earl Weaver was. I hope that someday maybe he will be considered for the Hall of Fame because he certainly deserves it.A couple more closing comments. Everybody thinks about the Orioles over the years, of the Brooks Robinson’s, the Frank Robinsons, and when I think back, I think of guys like Bobby Grich who had the same intensity as Frank Robinson, but not the skills. But I wear a World Series ring, 1983, and that year you know the dominant players were Cal Ripken, who was the Most Valuable Player, Eddie Murray, who was second, and Rick Dempsey, who was the Most Valuable Player in that World Series when we were able to beat Joe Morgan and the Phillies. I had to beat them. I mean, home runs all the time. I mean, my God, I gotta say something positive but maybe this story can just give you an idea of what the Orioles were all about in 1983. Everybody remembers the Ripkens and the Boddickers had a terrific year and Mike Flanagan and Scotty McGregor and people like that. But I recall a game where we had a utility man who hardly ever played. A guy named Lenny Sakata and Lenny, what Lenny’s job was that year was to occasionally play second base, and then occasionally if we ever needed him, to catch. And we get about two-third’s of the way through the season and Lenny spent every day going behind and catching batting practice, and we run out of catchers. Joe Altobelli is managing the ball club and he says, “Lenny, I need you to catch the tenth inning.” Tim Sauter is pitching. Calls for a fast ball. Cliff Johnson hits a home run. Well, so they take Sauter out of the game and they bring in Tippy Martinez. He walks the first batter and the runner is so anxious to steal second base off of Sakata that Tippy picks him off. The next guy singles, the same scenario trying to steal second. Tippy picks him off. The third guy walks and the same thing happens. Three pick-offs on three base runners. I mean they all want to run on Lenny Sakata. Well, Lenny Sakata gets up in the bottom of the tenth inning and hits a three run home run and we win. The interesting thing about that story is that just that day Lenny Sakata had gone to his agent and said, “I don’t know if I fit in here anymore.” That’s what Orioles baseball was all about for about 19 or 20 years. Something special.Just want to say one thing. As Joe Morgan told you, normally we would have a dinner tonight that we had last night. That was a dinner pretty much. Bobby Brown and Bill White, presidents of the American League and National League respectively, the Commissioner of Baseball and some people from the Hall of Fame, and Joe gave some recommendations for some of the younger players. My biggest fear, my biggest apprehension is that the standards of baseball will lessen, and not because of the fact that the players aren’t as good as they used to be, it’s maybe because of the salaries. And what motivated Jim Palmer, and I’m not putting down money, and I’d like to…I mean there’s not one guy back here that wouldn’t like to be making three million dollars a year for doing what they did. But that’s not why they did it. The reason I tried to be as good as I was is because of what these gentlemen behind me were able to do. I mean, the fact that Warren Spahn won 363 games. I wasn’t left-handed so I was going to be another Bob Feller or Bob Lemon. Or I was going to be another Don Drysdale who’s not able to be with us, and that’s what baseball is all about. To grow up as a kid in New York, being a Yankee fan, which proves nobody is perfect. To dream about pitching against Mickey Mantle or Roger Maris. Guys that I did have a chance to pitch against, and then to eventually be one of them really makes me feel something that I never thought I could get in touch with. That you are part of the special fraternity and what seemed to be most poignant last night was not the fact that these guys had a lifetime batting average of .331, but that they cared so much about themselves. Thank you very much.  
