
    Thank you very much. Commissioner Vincent, President White, President Brown, honored guests, and fellow Hall of Famers. Thank you. Because of the rain last night we are doing some things in reverse. I was fortunate enough that I received my Hall of Fame ring last night instead of tonight. We went to a dinner that was hosted by these great Hall of Famers and some of the guys who have left and I think the greatest thing for me was that I am a baseball traditionalist, I believe in the history of the game and the people who have preceded me, not only in baseball but in other parts of the country and other sports. And last night for me, I was sitting there and started looking around the room. It was like being in a time capsule, I was looking back. I looked around the room and I looked over and I saw Billy Williams and I remembered his sweet swing and the line drives he used to hit over my head in Chicago. I looked over and I saw Willie Stargell. He’s also a fellow Oaklander, and he’s also the reason I wear number eight (or I wore number eight). I looked over and I saw Ted Williams and I could just vision and envision him gripping the bat very hard, tight, and then hitting a line drive to the outfield someplace. And I looked over and I saw Charlie Gehringer, one of the greatest second basemen of all times. And I could just see him, gazelle-like, around second base. And for me, the entire history of baseball was in that room last night. And that’s what’s important, not just that you honor me today, and Jim Palmer, but all these great Hall of Famers for what they’ve done for the game. And I’m just as proud as I can be to be taking a place with them. You know, I was thinking in the last few days of what I was going to say today. I’ve got a lot of things written down, but as I approach today, I start to realize that I was very lucky to be able to play major league baseball. When I grew up in Oakland a lot of great players came out of Oakland. Frank Robinson, Vada Pinson, Willie Stargell. But they had one thing in common, they were about 6 feet, real physical specimens. So you see, I was very lucky for a guy to be 5’5”, weigh 140 pounds and for the scout, Bill Wight, to see that maybe I had a potential to be a major league player. So that made me very lucky because a lot of small guys didn’t get the opportunity to play and show what they could do. And because of that I stand here today very proud of the fact that I was a second baseman and that I did get a chance to play major league baseball. I’m also here, I want to dispel a couple of rumors and add to some of the things that have been said about me. First of all, I want to dispel the rumor that I just learned how to play baseball when I went to Cincinnati. That’s not true. I learned to play baseball in Houston because when I, my first year in the major leagues, I had teammates Nellie Fox, Bob Lillis, Eddie Kasko, Joe Gaines, Bob Aspromonte, Jimmy Wynn, Rusty Staub. I had a lot of great teammates my first year. But I learned so much my first year from Nellie Fox and Bob Lillis that most guys take five years to learn the things I learned that first year. So, I knew how to play baseball when I went to Cincinnati. That’s the first thing I wanted to dispel. The second rumor is, you know, I was lucky because I got to play in Durham. I was one of the original Durham Bulls in reality. I didn’t even get a chance to see Susan Sarandon but in her place there was Billy Goodman who was manager, and Dave Philley. They were my first minor league managers. And I was taught lessons by these guys that held me in good all the way in my career. I remember Billy Goodman one day told me to, he said, “ Joe, you have to approach every season like you’re a rookie.” He said, “If you had a great season, you have to prove that it was not a fluke. If you had a lousy year, you have to prove that it was a fluke.” So for twenty years that’s the way I approached spring training, and I think that’s one of the things that really helped me. Dave Philley told me this about thirty times in the first month of my first minor league season. He said, “Joe,” he said, “there’s a pot of gold to be made out there in baseball, if you just work hard and give yourself a chance to have fun.” I don’t even think Dave Philley knew how big that pot of gold really was. It’s a real big pot now. But I was also lucky that I played in the Bay Area and I got a chance to see the great players. Willie McCovey. Yes, I was there the day he went 4 for 4 against Robin Roberts, and the great Willie Mays. I got to see these guys play each and every day. And the Willie Stargells and Frank Robinsons. All these great players who came in. And I think that watching them play, and the way they enjoyed the game, I was fortunate enough that I was infected with their enthusiasm for the game, and wanted to play the game the way that they did. I think the one thing that I remember most about Nellie Fox, other than he was a great player, is that he said to me one day, he said, “Joe, the guys who stay in the major leagues the longest are the guys who do the most to help their team win,” and that’s the way I tried to play every day. Nellie Fox made sure that I understood that the game was about winning. See, for me the game has never been about numbers. It’s only been about winning, and I only became a winner, I guess, when I did go to Cincinnati. And for that I want to thank Bob Howsam who is here today. I remember, after my second Most Valuable Player Award, Tony Perez came in one day. I was feeling pretty good and he said, “I want you to remember this.” He said, “When you play, when you played for Houston, no one even knew who you were.” He said, “We brought you here and made you a star.” And you know what, he was right. And I say thank you to those guys everyday because being a part of the “Big Red Machine” is also the reason that I’m here today. You know, they have such great players there, and Johnny Bench was here yesterday. He’s not here today. He’s a fellow Hall of Famer. Great Pete Rose, great Tony Perez, George Foster, Ken Griffey, and I wish I could name them all because they were all a part of a commitment that was made by the Cincinnati Reds to win championships, and they all did their part in helping win. Johnny did, Pete Rose, myself. We usually got all the credit. We won the Most Valuable Players Awards with Tony Perez, and the other guys who were just as important. That’s what makes a great team. A group of guys putting all their skills together and working toward one goal, and that brings me to the other guy, Sparky Anderson. You know, Sparky will never get the credit that he deserved for managing the Cincinnati Reds. Everyone said all you have to do is put down Bench, Rose, Morgan, Perez and you could win. That’s not true. You know, Sparky Anderson was really the driving force behind the “Big Red Machine” and I thank him even though I know he couldn’t be here today. I got a great telegram from him yesterday, and it’s been…it was just fantastic that he would take the time and send me the telegram. And I wish, you know, I could say that this is, you know, the culmination of all my dreams and things like that, but truthfully I never dreamed about making the Hall of Fame. I only dreamed about making it to the major leagues, and when I made it to the major leagues that was great. You know, the Hall of Fame is really just icing on what has been a very big and filling cake for me. In fact, just making it to the major leagues was so important. I remember my first at-bat like it was yesterday. My first at-bat was the bottom of the ninth inning against the Philadelphia Phillies. The Phillies were fighting for the National League Pennant. There was a winning run on second base, and I got a base hit and the winning run scored. And Gene Mauch, who was the manager of the Phillies, was so mad that when he went in the clubhouse he yelled at his players and told them, “You guys got beat by a guy that looks like a little leaguer.” Well, he was right. But because of the Nellie Foxes and the Eddie Kaskos and the guys that did a lot to help me to become a big leaguer. Now, I’m a part of the biggest league of all, and that’s what’s important to me. But, as I mentioned, I continue to say that Nellie Fox has played a big part in my life and he has. And I guess when I think about it, I only say the only thing that could make me happier today, would be if Nellie Fox was here, and Jackie Robinson was here. Both of them had a big impact on Joe Morgan. I admire both of them. First of all because they were second basemen, and second because they were winners in the way they played the game. Another thing Nellie Fox told me once and I’ll never forget this because I think it also helped push me. He said, “Joe, you can be a great player if you work hard and allow yourself to have fun every time you come to the ball park. Have fun everyday you’re here.” And that’s the way I approached it. I did have fun and it was great, but it seemed like it went all too quickly.As you can see, I’m not keeping very good notes. And I also think about, you know, how lucky I was to play for Frank Robinson. You know most of you know him as a great player, but he’s also becoming a great manager in the eyes of the public now.You know, it isn’t easy being the first of anything and Jackie Robinson could be, could tell you about that probably better than anyone. But because of people like Jackie Robinson, the great “Happy” Chandler, and Frank Robinson, you know, all the barriers that were in baseball before are coming down and we’re all going forward.You know, I never thought I’d have the opportunity to play for a black manager, but I did. I never thought I would see a black elected president of the National League, but I did. And that makes me very proud because baseball has always been a leader in this area and with Fay Vincent and the late Bart Giamatti, I know that these things will continue to grow and I know that in the future all the barriers will be broken down for not just blacks but all the minorities, women included.And I’d like to introduce you to my family. Some of them have to leave. My father, Leonard Morgan. My mom, the TV star. My lovely daughter, Lisa. My wife, Theresa. My sisters, Linda and Patti. They wanted me to hurry through this speech because they have to catch a flight, but this is my day and I’m going to take advantage of it.You know, normally when you’re inducted into the Hall of Fame, it’s kind of the end of one’s baseball career. But you know I’ve been very lucky again because being a broadcaster, working for ESPN and Sports Channel, I’m able to stay close to the game and that’s what’s most important to me. Being close to baseball is something that I always want to be a part of. I hope that I will always be close to the game and close to these great players. And if I might make one suggestion to those players who are playing today, I would hope that they would not let the media pressure, the big contracts, and all the other things distract them from what’s really important. Practice your craft. Work hard at the game. But most of all, have fun at it.Everyone of these great guys here had fun playing baseball. I must admit that there is a little more pressure on the guys playing today because when we played it was just for the love of the game. It was just for fun. Nowadays, with all the money and all the outside pressure, it’s a little tough for the guys. But I would like for them to think and make sure that every day they go to the ball park that they go out there to have fun because that’s what the game is all about.You know, I’m going to take my place with all these great players and now that my induction is complete, I feel like I belong here. But no matter how long I’m in the Hall of Fame, I think I’m always going to have problems trying to say Mays, Musial, and Morgan in the same breath. But I thank everyone for coming, especially all of my friends who came from all over the world to be here with me since yesterday and today. But most of all I want to say to the people who are outside, thank you for coming and it’s been a great day for me and I know it will be a great day for Jim Palmer. This is what baseball is all about. We are very lucky.  
