
    Thank you Commissioner: It is about time to rain, isn't it? (laughter)I do want to thank the Hall of Fame and the writers that especially the writers that voted me in and all the great Hall of Famers that are here. Really what I would like to do so that I can't forget and I'm going to keep it short, forget some of the stops that I made along the way. I would just like for all 'you all' to know today is one of the greatest days of my life. Today it's a day that I'll always cherish. Every baseball player dreams about being a big league baseball player and now here I am in the Baseball Hall of Fame. For me that dream has finally come true. That dream has always has already come true as Fergie and Rod Carew came before me, and I'm glad to be with these two great guys and a part of their special day. Now I would like to try to tell you where I came from and the stops I along the way.I first started playing ball in the cow pasture with my dad who would play with Jim and me every chance he got. I remember our neighbor saying, 'All those Perry boys want to do is play baseball and their dad is even worse.' (laughter) I never will forget those high school and semipro days out in farm life in Williamston, North Carolina where I came from. There are many people here though that helped me and to get here. My high school coaches were great, especially Roger Thrimp. The scouts, who talked the San Francisco Giants into signing me, a guy named Tim Mercherson, and the greatest bird dog scout in the Eastern North Carolina, a guy named Earl Smith. My minor league coaches kinda led me through from Seaball, a guy named Richie Cloust, Ray Murray, Red Davis, and a lot of my pitching coaches Larry Jansen who I had for ten years, Warren Spahn who I had for a teammate and then pitching coach, Chuck Estrada, Dave Duncan, Sid Hudson. They all helped along the way. I don't want to forget some of the radio and TV people. People like Lon Simmons, Harry Carey and Skip Carey and my friend Dave Neahouse. My years in San Francisco gave me a chance to play with some of the baseball greatest. I look over at first base and there was a great Willie McCovey. I had to follow in the pitching rotation by the great Juan Marichal and then the guy that I learned more how to play the game of baseball, how to pitch hitters, the greatest player that I saw, Willie Mays. (applause) I played with these guys for ten years and when I got to Cleveland I looked in center field and Willie wasn't there. I knew I was in trouble. (laughter)In 1962, my first big league manager is Alvin Dark. My first general manager is Chub Feeney but it wasn't until a long day in 1964 that I finally got my giant step toward being here today. I was the only pitcher left in the bull pen in a double hitter against the New York Mets. The sucker game lasted 23 innings. When I got to the mound to start the 13th inning, my catcher Tom Haller says, 'Kid, it's time to put something on the ball.' (laughter) Well after a we made a triple play, a few double plays. Del Crandall pinch hit for me in the 23rd inning and got a base hit to score Jim Davenport. That's what I needed to get started.The next year Herman Franks became the Giant manager. I loved playing for Herman better than anybody. I probably got away with a lot. When Herman left it wasn't far just a few short weeks I was on the way to Cleveland, my first trade. Well I was thirty three years old then and these ball players know what I'm talking about. You can hear them say, 'Well, he's getting old. He's about finished.' Well in 1972 1 had my greatest year. I won 24 games and an American League Cy Young Award.In 1974, Cleveland had a special team. They backed me up and I won 15 games in a row, which is an American League record. But in 1975 1 was on the way to Texas. See Commissioner, I did make a lot of stops along the way but there is where I got to know one of the owners a guy by the name of Brad Corbett and he became my special friend. Also learned in Texas if you get in fights, and we in a few, if you would follow guys like Pat Corralis, Willie Horton and John Ellis, there was no one for you to fight.In 1978, we got another new manager and another. We weren't young pitchers on this staff, so I was on the way to San Diego and what a great place to play baseball. There in 1978 1 only had to pitch about seven innings of every game I started This is the first time that I had a guy named Rollie Fingers. He came in and help me win the Cy Young Award that year. But after a couple of years there I went back to Texas and before that year was up I was in New York with the Yankees. Then even for me came 1981, free agency. I signed with the Atlanta Braves and Bobby Cox and what a pleasure they made that year. In 1982, I finally got Dan O'Bryant, general manager of the Seattle Mariners to give me a chance to win number 300 in Seattle. Dan says, 'Come on out to Arizona. if you make the team, fine. Well that was the year that every 30 days, my contract got renewed. (laughter) There my manager Rene Lachemann, was even ten years younger than I, but Lachemann he was a special manager. He could he knew how to handle losing as well as winning but I can remember that day in July of 1983, he got fired and I got released on the same day.Well I went on to Kansas City and I finished my career there and of course you know it wouldn't be fitting if I didn't say a few words about those umpires. I really knew them by their first names. We seem to have a lot of business up there on the mound. (laughter) My catchers was the one that called all those pitches. (laughter) Starting with Tom Haller, Dick Dietz, Ray Fosse, Dave Duncan, and the best throwing catcher I saw, Jim Sundberg. I also remember a guy named John Ellis. The guy would get a base hit. Get on first and he would say, 'Don't worry about the guy on first.' One pitch later he would say, 'Don't worry about the guy on second.' (laughter) One pitch later he would say, 'Don't worry about the guy on third.' The next pitch he says, 'I'll tag him is he comes home.' (laughter) And yet also the guy that caught number 300 Bud Bolin. Bud is here today. (applause)I had a chance to play with just some really great guys. Some of the, some of the greatest baseball players to ever pick up a baseball. I'd just like to mention a few that I haven't mentioned previously. The great Ozzie Smith, Dale Murphy, Bobby Barnes, Dave Winfield, Reggie Jackson, George Brett, Phil MThese guys and many more help me to be here today. But the most special people in the world who helped me these over these years are my family and very close friends. My greatest friend, Bugger Scales, became ill and could not be here today. But Bud is like Joe and Coach Shilliss, they are here today and I want to thank them. A few of the people that played a great part also are not with us any longer. Dick Jones, H.A. Marie Manning and my dad. Boy he would love this day, that's for sure, and one who was just very special Blanche, the dear and special lady who supported me 100% over the years and was the mother of my children. My mom, Ruby Perry, is here also today and mom thanks for coming. (applause) My sister Caroline and her husband, Richard. My brother Jim who had a pretty good few years yourself Jim but you should have won a few more would have beat those n. (laughter) Also Mary and Jamie Gaggaino are a part of my family now and my wife Carol. Thank you all for being here today. To my kids who I want to say a special thanks, they remember the good days and the bad days. They had to put up with me. Amy, my first daughter and her husband Francisco. Beth and her husband Keith and Keith, Jr. coming November and then there’s Allison. Well, Allison son when she was a little girl would find the writers and would slip to them and says, 'I know where my dad hides the stuff.' (laughter) And they were all excited and they says, 'Where?' He hides it in his garage. (laughter) Also my best friend and my son Jack, Jack I can remember I use to carry him in the clubhouse and some of his first words that he spoke at home was clubhouse words. (laughter) It wasn't long before his mother corrected him and sometimes I took him on road trips when he was very young and then his second words was, 'I want room service.' (laughter) Jack got me in a lot of trouble. I want to say a special thanks to everyone that made this possible. I know I've left some out but 'hey' this is a great day and I love you all. Thank you.  
