
    Thank you ever so much that was very nice of you to say that. Instead of making a speech today, I would like to thank the people that were involved in my career and first of all I have my mother here in the stands who is 95 years of age. (applause) May I say this, she's healthy and she still drives her own automobile. (applause) Also I'd like to say thanks to my father who isn't here today but in a way he is and let me say this when you have parents like I have there's no way you could be a loser. (applause)I would like to say a special privilege and a special honor to my wife, Burl, who for these last fifty years has stayed by my side and if I may use a old cliche of the wins and loses I can honestly say that it's fairly easy to live with somebody who wins all the time but it's not the easiest thing in the world for a fellow who dislikes losing. (laughter) I also would like to thank her for raising our two lovely daughters Charlene and Sherry and they're just wonderful young ladies and while she was raising them I was out trying to make a living in baseball to keep the family together. (applause)I also would like to say thanks to my brother Richard, who caught me between houses, in the alley and on the playing field. And I also would like to thank the City of Detroit where I was born and raised and they were just super human beings for allowing me to go through their school system and allowing me to get a trade of tool and die just in case I couldn't make it in baseball.I'm also thankful to Detroit too for allowing me to use their sandlot playgrounds where I played with my first team, the All City Stars, and then on to an excellent American Legion program with Roos Banker, Post 286 where I was picked up by Wish Egan scout of Detroit. Signed me to a contract and sent me on my way to Alexandria, Louisiana where I was befriended by some of the finest people I ever met. You know after all you're seventeen years of age, never been away from home by yourself, making a hundred and fifty dollars a month, that's when you needed some help.I also thank Alexandria, Louisiana for sending me on my way to Beaumont, Texas, then on up to Detroit Tigers and I'd like to say I spent the most marvelous fifteen years with Detroit and I thank them in the early part of my career for staying with me because the first three or four years of my career were not winning records but they stayed with me where they could have very easily shipped me back to the minor leagues and also they could have traded me and in response I hope that they were proud of me for the things that Idid for Detroit.I also like to pay tribute to one of the finest catchers that I ever had the privilege to pitch for, and if it wasn't for Paul Richards I doubt very much I'd be standing up here today. (applause) During the war in 1943 and '44 they brought Paul up from Atlanta to catch me and he taught me so many things about pitching that it would take me hours to discuss the things that he helped me on. I also would like to thank all the fans not only that are here and throughout Michigan, but the fans throughout the world who for these last 31 years were writing me letters and saying, 'One of these days, hang in there, you're going to be in the Hall of Fame.' and now I get the letters back and I can write because they're asking how does it feel now to be in the Hall of Fame. (applause) So I thank you all you fans. (applause)I also would like to take a few minutes by the players that I played through the All City Star team, my Roos Banker team, Alexandria, Louisiana and also to Beaumont, Detroit and also the Cleveland Indians. And to all the players who backed me through these wins and loses and another reason why I'm standing up here is because of my players.Also after spending twenty years in the banking industry and retiring here about seven or eight years ago, I'd like to thank the Houston Astros baseball club that asked me if I would finish out my career scouting in the state of Michigan for them and I thank Bill Wood, Dr. McMullen and also Dan O'Brien who is in the audience today. What a great way to retire. (applause)And of course, I've got to thank the Veterans Committee that went back and they looked at my total record and they said, 'Well, this is Hal Newhouser's year' and I certainly thank them for that. (applause)In closing may I say that everything that I have and everything that I have done has all been because of baseball, and may I say baseball I thank you.  
