
    Everybody want to stand up and take a break, because I'd like to. (applause) Just stand up and relax, maybe take a minute or two and let's kinda sit back down and relax and wipe off the sweat. Say like 'whew!' (laughter)Thanks a bunch for coming, thanks for all the people for coming. It makes us all feel good. (applause)When I started to think about my life in baseball in order to prepare for this day, I realized there were a lot of people in my life, both inside and outside the game. Not only for helping me reach the Hall of Fame but more important for being there in each in his or her own special way. I want to talk about those people. About what they've meant to me. I also want to mention my dreams and for the future of the game and what I think we owe the past.I'll start by acknowledging the most influential person in my life. This is an easy one. Dad, why don't you just wave your hand please, Martinez Jackson. (applause)Okay, no more applause. You're stealing my thunder. I'm in the Hall of Fame and I'm addressing you today in large part due to the lessons I learned from him. My dad raised me in the fifties and sixties in the time when we were called colored, as were all black people. He struggled with being treated as a second class citizen but still did his best to climb the ladder of equality. He had the ability to express himself. To complain and be heard at a time when it wasn't readily accepted. His thoughts and expression formed and molded me into the person I am today. I can still hear him although it was an awful long time ago, correcting my English, making sure I didn't slur my words. Say uh huh, nope, yep. "Get an education," he'd say, "show some ambition." He also made sure I developed more than skills of speaking well. He told me to put the right thoughts behind the right words at the right time. Because of who my dad was and who he helped me to become, I developed a drive with my God given talents to be someone more than a ball player. He was then a good father. He's become a great friend.I want to take special time now to (applause) to thank my mom. You know, I guess I'm pretty much the same when it comes to mom's. What do you thank your mom for? Just for being there. You know, when it seemed like the older I got, It's been awhile hasn't it? Thanks a lot. Maybe grab a little bench now and we can get listened have a few things I want to say. I want to try to bear with me it's it won't take too long. I'll get done at uh a couple of my friends here behind me, the Hall of Famers, told me they'll be banging over my head if I take too long, and I've been drinking water like everyone else too, (laughter) so we want to get out of here.I'm going to tell a little story first about a couple of friends who are supposed to be true Yankees and absolutely thrilled that I made the Hall of Fame and said I did them proud, Yogi Berra and Whitey Ford. (applause) The Hall of Fame last night, I asked Yogi I said, "Yogi do you think I could have played for the Yankees when you played?" Yogi says, "I don't know Reggie." I was talking to Elson Howard and he said, "You might be our fifth outfielder." (laughter)I asked Whitey if, you know, how do you think I'd have done against him against you Whitey?" And Whitey says, "You know Reggie, I don't think you'd ever hit me." He said, "Ted Williams had a life time of .210 off me." He says, "But I'll tell you what, I'd let you get a couple hits once in awhile to make sure you're in the line up." (laughter)Jim Palmer is going to make sure I tell you that the two home runs I hit off him in the play off game we did not win.Fran Healy, are you here? Where are you Fran? Where are you? I guess if he could talk about me I guess the one thing that I would like to just sum it all up and say that I played with a guy named Mickey Rivers (applause) and if you ever kinda wonder what I'm like, or wonder what my problem was, Mickey kinda summed it up one day. He says, "You know Reggie, you got a white man's first name in Reginald, a Spanish middle name in Martinez and a black man's last name." He said, "No wonder you're so fouled up." (laughter)I want to also take the time and really say to the Hall of Famers, thanks a the more she became a part of my life.Also, my brother, Joe, who is more than a brother who was important to my upbringing. He's a cool dude and he's my friend.My life started in baseball with the groundwork that was laid by others. Rachel Robinson is here and her daughter, Sharon, and her nephew. I share this place here today with Jackie. Jackie Robinson opened the door for me and others before and after me. (applause) He was the kind of man that people talk about as a role model. (applause) He was the role model I think we all needed both black and white. He was the right person at the right time.I remember when I first saw Jackie playing in Connie Mack Stadium he hit a line drive home run in right field. Slapped the side of his hip and old Number 42 hit home run number 12 in Connie Mack Stadium right over Wally Post. it was a little difficult for me at that time because I wanted to root for Duke Snider and Mickey and a few of the guys like 'Stan the Man', but in my neighborhood you had to be quiet about those kind of things, you had to root for the Dodgers.I'd like to take this time to pause and remember Larry Doby. He was the first black player to play in the American League. Before Jackie opened the door, the players in the Negro Leagues knocked on the door. However, we all know what happened, nobody answered. They were outside and nobody let them in. I don't think we can talk about our success without turning to those players and saying, "We're grateful you were there. We thank you, we owe you."I grew up in the fifties and and sixties in Wyncote, PA., a small white town. Believe me it was painful as a teenager growing up. I can say I was lucky my father never saw color, thanks dad. My father always talked about getting an education so I felt lucky to attend Arizona State on a football scholarship and play football for Arizona State's Frank Kush. I learned toughness from him. Want me to describe it for you. He was as tough as Charlie Finley and George Steinbrenner all rolled into one. (laughter)On a five dollar bet, I went to play for Bobby Winkle's baseball team and that's where I learned to hustle on every play. I think we'd all like to see more of that.The mid sixties was a time for a search for identity for a lot of people. At that time, I developed a respect for Mohammad Ali. He gave me and a lot of black people the confidence to speak out, (applause) to be proud of who I am. Simultaneously, I learned to listen to Martin Luther King and from that I learned that if you spoke of with elegance and style they'd hear you. I knew the history of the Negro League players from my dad's little talks about Satchel, Josh and 'Double Duty' Russell, Cool Papa Bell, Jackie and Larry, Willie and Hank, Ernie, Newt, Campy and Monte, and because of all their struggles I knew I needed to articulate and not just accommodate. Never really saw myself as a leader. I was struggling too hard to become a ball player and a man. Thankfully, I had some pretty good teachers and role models along the way. I thought Willie Mays was a perfectionist as a player. He showed us how the game should be played from hitting to running, just walking on the field.I saw in Hank Aaron the qualities of determination, consistency and character. People talk about superstars. A guy plays for two or three years, he gets 10 or 15 million. To me you take a look at the guys behind me. Superstar was expressed by Aaron because he personified the idea that greatness is measured over time, (applause) not 150 or 300 games.I'll never forget his determination in chasing the ghost of Ruth. How do you play the game? From watching Gibson, he showed me the competitiveness just the way he took the mound. I developed my approach to playing from watching him.Professional baseball to me, and I think to everybody when you say the word professional, is winning. And yes just like everybody else with my little radio plug in my ear in math class, in the fifth grade, as Mickey Mantle hit 18 series homers and won the series after series, I listened and learned from that. I think he was the original "Mr. October", but thank God it didn't stick. (applause) When I signed with the A's, I learned professionalism in the baseball business how to focus on a goal from Charlie Finley. Charlie Finley said to me one time, we were talking about the contract and signing, and I knew that 'Catfish' had signed for $55,000. Charlie came in and he sat down and he said, "Reggie, why don't you put down what you think you should make on a piece of paper, and I'll do the same." I knew that he thought 'Catfish' and I should be making the same and 'Catfish' lived in Hertford, North Carolina. He only needed about 10 grand a year to live. (laughter) I wrote down $55,000 and Charlie wrote I wrote down $60,000. Charlie wrote down $55,000. He said, "You ready to turn your paper over?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Fine, it's settled. You'll earn $55,000 in 1975." (laughter) I said, "Okay." He said, "Now I want to make sure that you don't tell anybody about this. I want to keep it a secret." I said, "Don't worry Charlie, I'm just as embarrassed about it as you are." (laughter)I learned the fundamentals of the game from Dick Williams. I learned to understand friendship and sensitivity from a very special friend from Birmingham, Alabama by the name of John McNamara who would not allow the team to eat in a restaurant where I was not allowed to eat. Always wondered why we ate sandwiches on the bus and only made the essential pit stops. I understood care from that. I'll always remember you, John, for your dignity and sensitivity and for stepping up at a time when very few did. (applause)I'm grateful for the friendship, support and leadership I received from ,Captain Sal and the friendship continues today at Joe Rudi and Dave Duncan, guys who found a place for me to sleep in Alabama when it was difficult to find a place to live. Thanks a lot guys. (applause)I learned how to play the game and how it was suppose to be played by watching Earl Weaver and Frank Robinson's Orioles in the '60's. (applause) I was fortunate to spend the winter of '70 with Frank. Again, good luck in timing. He taught me about leadership, professionalism, about maturing, friendship again.Baltimore, God what a great baseball town. (applause) It was a whole new world for me in '77, New York to 'Big Apple'. (applause) I learned about mistrust, love, hate, support, comfort, bitterness, ego, self centeredness, hurt, greatness, but most of all again friendship. I also learned theological support and understanding from a friend in Arizona, named Gary Walker, who called me nearly everyday with relevant quotations from the bible. It was a complex, difficult time in my life. Thanks for the support Gary. I guess a few athletes today should know about a guy like Gary Walker. I met him in 1966 in college. He's here today. He did everyone of my baseball contracts and never charged a dime. (applause)Fran Healy and Gary Walker were the most influential people in my life as a Yankee. I've never known the kind of support from any player that I received from Fran. I'd like you all to make note of this one. A friend, check yourself, a friend is a person who will jeopardize his positions and material possessions because of a bond of honor. I had that kind of bond with him.Billy Martin, I never really understood why we couldn't be friends. In New York, I also was given a role on the stage at people around me have understood better than I. I learned control. I learned to be open and honest. I learned to trust myself to grow, be confident and continue understanding friendship. I learned who to depend on and when to depend on myself. The fans, the fans in New York played a special role in all of this. Whatever feelings you have as a player are intensified about a thousand times in New York. Some of you have come here today, I'll never forget you. You deserve the best. (applause)You know, we all play the game to win, and we learn along the way what it is to need people, and about the need for each other to learn how the people on the team are dependent on one another. While some are more dependent on the team than others, the most important do not succeed without the least important. Such is life, I guess. I've had the good fortune of being put in the most enviable position of anyone in baseball since Ruth. I experienced the pinnacle of my career in a World Series that was bi coastal that was played between the Yankees and the Dodgers made bigger than life by live television. That included glittering personalities of Steinbrenner, Martin, Munson, Lasorda and O'Malley. (cheers, applause)Your know, I think I was pretty lucky to have developed a pretty good relationship with Thurman and I want to tell you about a couple of little stories we use to experience in the on deck circle. (applause)He was the best hitter I ever played with, (applause) and he had the ability to sit in the on deck circle and say, "Reggie, I hit this guy pretty good," and he'd go for a double or an extra base hit, or he'd say to me, "Reggie, how do you handle this left hander?" And I'd say, "Well, a little tough for me." He said, "Okay, I'll drive him in," or he'd say to me, "How do you handle this guy?" And I'd say, "Don't worry, I can match this guy." He said, "Alright, I'm going to get a base hit to right and you drive us in. We had one conflict. In the play offs in 1978, Doug Bird was pitching. He looks at me and he says, "He's got six home runs for the season." He says, "How do you hit this guy?" I said, "He throws mattress balls, the kind you just lay on." (laughter) Thurman says, "Oh yeah, me too." It was in the extra innings, the game was tied. Thurman hit the first pitch in the bullpen.New York for me was an incredible ride. Great years followed after '77. Another World Series in '78, 40 homers in '80, another World Series in 1981. Thanks for the pin stripes, George. (applause)You know, people ask me about my most memorable moments, and while there are many and the first one that stands out, it's pretty easy. It's the three home runs and you've heard enough of that already.The other story that stands out to me was one about in 1978. We caught the Red Sox from 15 games behind. (applause) At the last day of the season we lost, and we didn't know who was gonna pitch Monday. Bob Lemon was our manager. Ron Guidry had pitched Friday and with his 25 3, and 178 ERA in two days rest, he walked into the manager's office and said, "I got the ball Monday, Lem, don't worry about it. (applause)In a career full of gifts came the happiness and appreciation, I received from Jean Autry's California Angels. I hit number 500 while wearing an Angel uniform.Pay attention to this one, it's fun. On September 17th, 1984, 17 years to the day after I hit home run number 1, September 17th, 1967, same stadium, same teams, I was just on the other side.Then it was back home to the Oakland A's for my final season in front of my home town fans made possible by the Haas family and Tony LaRussa.I want to express my appreciation today and everyday for being accepted as one of the best of all time. I know I wasn't the best. All I have to do is look behind me. But I'll tell you something, it's nice to know when they have roll call. Sooner or later they gotta call my name. (applause)I thank God for my health and my ability, my father and mother. I also want to mention some of the people who are part of my special fraternity for making this my highest honor. One that I'll always remember the rest of my life. 'Catfish' and Rollie, Dave Anderson, Leonard Koppett, Mike Lupica, Dick Schapp and Steve Jacobson, Willie Randolph, all good friends. (applause)Matt Merola has always been special. He's like family. Everett Moss is like a brother. Without a doubt, he'd take a bullet for me. Bill Betsy, Walt Cameron, Mark Inger, Brizzio, and Greg, Bruno and John, Jim, Steve, Ed and Richard, Jim, Melissa and Kim, all great people. Damn I'm glad you're my friends. I think I'm one of the wealthiest guys in the world because I've got so many friends. (applause)I'll continue to be reminded that while I'm being honored by the Hall and all my loved ones who are here, and while this is my day, I'm just a link in the chain that makes the whole wheel go round and so too are today's players and those in the baseball community. So whether you're the 'Babe', Stan The Man', 'Say Hey', 'Mr. October', you're just part of a long tradition of baseball and the game is owed our respect and gratitude. We all borrow from it, exploit it, cling to it and need it. The house that Ruth built still stands, but the Babe's not there anymore. Henry's record still stands, but he's not even on the field anymore. 'Mr. October' still surfaces in the fall, but he's not there in the summer. But for some unexplained reason the game still gives to us all, whether we think we owe, take or borrow, baseball is a machine that requires each one of us to polish his part. And whether we're currently in or out of the game, we each need to remember that even if the wheel seems to wobble it still rolls on with or without us. We owe it to the fans and players coming along to keep it rolling because we're just caretakers for a short time. So if your name is Peter O'Malley, George Steinbrenner or Ted Turner, or whether your name is Kirby, Roger, Barry or Cal, realize you're just a part just a link in the chain in the big scheme of things. Remember along the way that something we can all learn from these guys behind me is the need to humanize the game. I still feel energy when I see a player in the bigs who's in awe of Williams, Mantle, the 'Big D', Koufax or Marichal or Clemente. Not because of a willingness to acknowledge the greatness of these giants because I know that the player of the day needs to understand at his display of respect is needed for the game to endure. If the game is lost to the economics would drive it and we'll lose the humanity that is uniquely the game. We all must feel it and live it in our own way and be mindful of it's vulnerability to abuse. From the millions to the billions that this game has come to represent, or we all take from this cherished game, stop and remember Buck O'Neil and 'The Scooter' and all the people who played for the love of the game. (applause)You may be worth what you get, but say thanks and remember the people who paved the way for you. Thanks Rachel.Let us not exploit the game to the point that future generations won't be able to afford to build that they'll get to keep going. So you guys behind the mikes; Vince Scully, Chris Berman, Al Michaels and Dan Patrick. And you guys with the pens; Dave Anderson, Leonard Koppett, Mike Lupica, Jim Murray and Steve Jacobson, let’s take the time to bring back a focus so that the people will think of the game as a sport it once was. It's needed now.I've come full circle. I'm back with the Yankees for whom I have a great deal of gratitude, (applause) because they along with the Upper Deck Company have the vision that I could bring to their front office and boardrooms more than my status as a celebrity. They've given me the recognition that I'm able to bring to the party a wealth of knowledge about the game and the judgement that's needed to maintain the trust that baseball has put in all of us.Whether it's being involved on the field or in the boardroom with a team or with a baseball card company, I'm being recognized for what I can give by people who look past my mirror image, beyond the accolade to what I have to offer.I think I'll now thank the guy who really makes it all happen. Thank you Lord for the gifts you've given me. Friends, in the words of Lou Gehrig, "Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth." (applause)I've had a dream and I was able to live it and thank God It's not done yet. Thank you.I'm a real baseball fan and I appreciate being here.  
