
    Holy Cow! (applause) Oh, my voice is gone. Wait a minute, I have had problems with my voice. Never had this before. I mean I'm so nervous about being up here that I think it's like psychosomatic. My voice is if you can hear me and understand me fine. If not, you're lucky that I don't have to go through all the pennants and! World Series, that the Yankees won be here until next Wednesday. But I want to tell you I want to congratulate Murphy with the 'golden tonsils', Lefty whose record speaks for itself, and Leo 'The Lip' who was my type of manager. The only thing was that he would get on me every once in awhile in some of the World Series,. and he'd like to find out something personal about you. this doesn't even sound like me. I can't anyway Durochers favorite with me in the World Series was when I'd pop one up. He'd say, 'Home run in an elevator shaft,' (laughter) but he was a great man. And I'll tell you the only reason that I'm here today, believe it or not, is because of you fans, my family, my relatives and all my friends. (applause) Wait a minute. No, really I think you put so much pressure on them, kept sending in those petitions and saying, 'He should be in the Hall of Fame,' and actually my records paled with all these great Hall of Famers behind me, and that 'Huckleberry' Lou Brock, he keeps calling me a rookie. (laughter) I'm the oldest living rookie in the Hall of Fame. (laughter) I mean, you talk about it taking a long time to get here, Steve, but anyway I had to write a few things down because I really was dreading this speech, and I wrote down something that says, 'What: baseball means to me.Now I've been so lucky with the help of the man upstairs, and my family and friends, to be with the Yankees for 54. years with the same organization, (applause) and baseball has made it possible for me to support my family, send them through collage and meet people and go to places that we never would have had a chance to do. Actually, my whole life up to this moment has been baseball and it's flashing by me so quickly. I'm going to try and tell it as quickly as it's flashing by me because when I was a little kid in Brooklyn (applause) no I tell you it was a great spot. Pee Wee knows all about that, but when I say all the people that really helped me my high school coach, Al Kuhnich, taught me how to bunt. Without knowing how to bunt, I'd have never made it to the big leagues.Paul Kritchell a Yankee scout, signed me up to Stengel and Bill Terry told me I was too small to play baseball and that was a big break for me. My first two managers in the first three years were 7 Ray White who went to the same high school I did and he took me over kids that were a lot better than I was, and you gotta know somebody just like that. Bill Meyer, who was my manager at Kansas City for two years is one of the great little managers and he taught me a lot about baseball.The greatest manager I ever had was Joe McCarthy, 'Old Marse Joe.' But we had so many I mean these great World Series. I know I'm this is typical of me. I started at the end and go back to the middle and then the beginning and I really I'm trying to get this down. When I was a kid playing in the streets of Brooklyn, all those days trying to wanting to be a ball player and if I had never been a ball player I don't know what would have happened to me. A lot of nights I'd wake up in a cold sweat thinking had I not been a major league ball player, what would I have done for a living, because everything I tried to do turned bad. I tried to run a snowblower and I stuck my hand in and cut my fingers off. I mean, I'm lucky I can turn on the car and know how it runs and if I open the refrigerator and it's not right in front of me I don't know what I'm looking for. I mean, it's really terrible. (laughter) But when I talk about being a kid playing on the streets of Brooklyn, I mean we played everything that was possible, stick ball, rock ball, box ball, paddle ball. Pee Wee never heard of any of these things because he was shooting marbles down in Louisville. (laughter) But those were great games and it was great for our hand eye coordination. So we broke a couple of windows and my mother, God Bless her, said, 'Look, get a cover off a baseball.' it was tough to get a baseball number one, but we got one cover broke off. She filled it full of rags and we were able to play on the street and you could throw curve balls and I think that helped me as much as all the spring training and all the practice in the minor leagues.Now if people are understanding this speech just raise your hand or else your . . . (laughter) Well my family knows me so they raised their hands. But I'll never forget when the Yankees finally signed me to a contract and they sent me to Bassett, Virginia in 1937. I'd never been away from home. My father took a twenty dollar bill and pinned it to my undershirt. (laughter) He said, 'You gotta watch out for those guys on the trains,' (laughter) and the Yankees gave me a nice seat, no sleeper, sat all the way to Bassett, Virginia. But it was a a beautiful trip because we went through Washington, D.C. Stopped in Richmond, Virginia, the first taste of southern fried chicken. I tell you it was delicious, but they gave me 'Hey White, what's that stuff that looks like oatmeal?' (laughter) Grits, grits! (laughter) No they gave, they gave me these grits and I didn't know what to do with them, so I put them in my pocket. (laughter) I had no idea what but anyway then we got to Bassett. Now Bassett was a town of 1600, counting the. cows. I got off the train and there was no town there. I'm looking around at mountains just like the beautiful mountains and then the train pulled away and there was the town. A little drug store, a theatre that was only open two days a week and a drug store, and that was the town of Bassett. The sheriff met me there, Sheriff Coots, where I used to have breakfast with every morning and he took me to the boarding house where we stayed and don't forget I was making $75 00 a month at this time, saving money, sending half of it home to my mother.. In those days, oh it's no sense talking about that. (laughter) I mean these kids today wouldn't remember that, but you could get a steak for 35 cents and all you could eat. But that was my and yet only one thing happened to me in Bassett. No, I listen any time you want to leave just leave because this is absolutely going no where (laughter). But no I stepped in what they call a gopher hole down there. I stepped I hurt my leg and I played on it for about two weeks and the manager and trainer, Ray White, used to pound my leg and rub it which was the worst thing as we found out, and finally after about ten days an old umpire who lived down there had umpired in the major leagues would umpire on weekends down there. He told Ray you better take this kid to a hospital. He took me to Roanoke, Virginia.which was about 100 miles away, and little Dr. Johnson just felt my leg. He said, 'You need an operation immediately. How can I get a hold of your mother?' Because I was under age and they had to get . . . He called my mother and said, 'I gotta operate on your son.' He operated on me and I had gangrene. Now this is very unbelievable if he hadn't operated, I'd only have one leg. Someway I would have found a way to play baseball with that one leg. But what I'm getting at is how lucky you have to be. I've got one of these flies. (laughter )No, but anyway no anyway I woke up the next morning and my mother was there and my brother who is here today, Freddie, and he fainted from the ether and was in the next bed. I didn't know where the hell I was when I woke up. (laughter) And so anyway he had to cut part of the muscle out of my leg because it was infested with gangrene, and actually that was a break for me because I used to be so fast when I was a kid. I'd run by the ground balls and this slowed me up just enough so that I could make the ball. (laughter) I only got a couple of more of these. (laughter). No but when I was in New York at the time that I played for the Yankees, when I finally came up, I mean it was baseball universe. I mean the Dodgers were there, the Giants were there, the Yankees were there. You could walk down any street in Brooklyn and New York and never miss an inning or a pitch. Somebody had the radio on all the way down the block, and it was just, you know, it was so great, the baseball was so great. The rivalry was so great with the Dodgers, the Giants just one year but the rivalry with the Dodgers was really exceptional. It's unfortunate we beat them every year but that one year that (laughter) that one year they lucked out. We figured we'd better let them win one or they're going to leave town and they left town anyway. (laughter)Well, I want to tell you something that we had, I mean, we had the best team you, know and it wasn't that money could buy. In those days, we didn't make any money. What a club we had. We'd win the pennant close to the 4th of July and then we'd relax and just get in the World Series, and in those days we made more money from the World Series checks than we did in our salary for the year. That was supposed to be a joke. (laughter) Alright, anyway, when you've got your team I mean it went right down the line too. When I joined the Yankees, they had Keller, Henrich and DiMaggio in the outfield, Rolfe at third, Gordon at second, Dickey behind the plate, Ruffing, Gomez, Murphy, Bonham, all those great pitchers. I mean, it was unbelievable and I was just happy to be at the right spot at the right time. Sounds like I'm in Yankee Stadium with that echo coming back to me, but anyway Frank Crosetti was just about ready to hang up his spikes and I got in here and all I had to do is make a few double plays, beat out a bunt. Crosetti looked toward me had to get hit with a pitch so it wouldn't hurt. (laughter) All there little things and I just collect that World Series check and I mean we just so great. And my voice is starting 'to go. I would like to introduce my family before it does go on the blink or Of course number one is my pride and joy. I mean, Steve mentioned the fact that baseball wives should get a medal everyday for what they put up with when we're home and when we're on the road and the groupies following us and the (laughter) – not me wait a minute no, no, no but no I want to tell you some of the things that Cora did for me.In 1946, after I came back from three years in the service, they started to throw curve I couldn't hit a curve ball. I came back and I figured my career was over and then the Paschal boys came up from Mexico and they were flashing $10,000 bills around and they got Stirn weiss and myself put us in a Cadillac went under the bridge by the Yankee Stadium and they said, 'If you leave right now, we'll give each one of you $10,000, a new Cadillac but you gotta go down there and call Mr. McCarthy from down in Mexico. So I went home and told Cora. I said, 'Let's pack, let's go to Mexico.' Well we were going to get apartment buildings. We wouldn't pay taxes which turned out to be wrong. I mean the . . . (laughter) but anyway Cora says, 'If you go to Mexico, you go without me.'But you know what she turned down? Don't forget, after the war you couldn't get stockings, you couldn't get girdles, you couldn't get butter. She didn't need a girdle, I'll tell you that. (laughter) She's pretty well built (laughter) but that I would have gone but she and Larry MacPhail had the Yankees that time. Lee is here today, his son, and Larry said they had bugged Paschal's room and they said came to George and I and said, 'We want you to testify against them because this way we can get them out of I said, 'I'm not going to testify., they want to give me more money.' I mean, I was wrong I mean it was the wrong approach, I know because he suspended George and me, for a couple of days but then they left the Paschals left town and George and I got a raise after that. So that was one of the better things, many better things and my wife. And another one the other one was it happened before this. See the way I jump around, it's ridiculous. (laughter)When I was in the Navy, you believe me in the Navy? I used to get sea sick an the ferry and people (laughter) the people on the ship used on the ferry ship used to say, 'You're going to protect us? You're going to war?' It was very embarrassing. (laughter) But when we all of a sudden a blanket order came down. Pee Wee and I were in our glory down in Norfolk then and a blanket order, all athletes overseas. Now they didn't teach us anything but how to make our bed and I know over there you didn't have to make a bed where we were going, because they gave me old clothes that were camouflaged. They gave me a bag that had a rifle in it with all these rounds of ammunition which I gave away on board ship. I found out I could have been court martialed on that later on. (laughter) So we're walking to the gangplank and I got my sea bag on my shoulder and I see a phone over there and the line is being held up, and speaking of lines as I jump around again, I made up my mind I would never stand in another line again when I got out of service. I don't know what that's got to do with the story, but I got to the phone. I called Cora up. I said, 'Listen Cora, I got a chance to go over the hill.' I said, 'They're going to New Guinea in the Philipines and I don't want to go and she said and she said, 'If you go, I won't be here when' well no it wasn't quite that strong. But she said, 'If you go, you don't go with my blessings.' So I went back on ship and again was a great thing because I didn't get killed over there and I got seasick everyday.Just one quick story. I was on board ship, I was on board ship 30 days. I was sick for 30 days. They found out I had chronic seasickness. One day there are planes flying overhead and the siren goes 'To your battle stations.' I didn't move. The Captain came and said, 'You get up there you'll get court martialed.' I said, 'That would be the best thing that happened that or throw me overboard. (laughter) So they put me off the ship but unfortunately it was in New Guinea. I thought I'd see a lot of Italians there, but that's not what that . . . (laughter)Well, wait a minute No, I played with and against the greatest I mean that era of baseball was absolutely the best. Now it's great for the monies they're paying now. I mean I'd like to play just one year awhile, but now wait a minute. Oh you figured the teams the team that I mentioned and Ted Williams and those great teams and played against Jimmie Foxx and Hank Greenberg. I mean all those great players and baseball to me it's been my whole life.. I mean, thank God for baseball. (applause)You know I got a note here about Joe DiMaggio and Lefty Gomez teaching me about room service. They I never knew you could in a room, pick up the phone and order room service and get your food sent up, and now I do it all the time. I mean, I never go downstairs. I tried it with Cora after we came home but she wouldn't she didn't no room service. But I do still on that I got a I've got to mention I've got to get these flies out of here. (laughter) I want to introduce my bride, Cora Rizzuto, right there come on. '(applause) I mean, like Steve said, when you're away on these long road trips, and we had three week road trips back then. One of the kids would have the measles. I wouldn't be there. Another fall off a bike and get stitches in their chin. I wasn't there, and one of the ones my oldest daughter Patricia Rizzuto Patricia. (applause) And then the next one is Cindy, Cynthia Rizzuto, Cindy. (applause) And then Penny, (applause) Penny Rizzuto, and the apple of my eye, Scooter. (applause) There he is, and Scooter's wife, Anne. (applause) Jennifer, Patty's daughter one of my granddaughters, and that middle huckleberry right in the front, Margaret Carolina. (applause)Alright, this is it. Oh no wait a minute. I got (laughter) I forgot my whole career as an announcer. But I think that's, that's best forgotten because Howard Cos 'ell told me the first week he says, 'You'll never last.' he says, 'You look like George Burns and sound like Groucho Marx.' (laughter) So 38 years later I'm doing it my way and still here in broadcasting but.(applause) And they were right I says, 'You don't hear the score often or the game _often,' but I think all my friends who like to have their name mentioned in the restaurants I get a free meal., White knows that I do it that way and (laughter) but I mean I enjoy the game like that and that's why I was blessed with having just like I had great partners on the radio as you know as my broadcast partners, Mel Allen. I started with and of course, the guy who I did the greatest with and felt more at ease with, and had more fun with was White. White was over there. He was introduced before (applause). He didn't leave, did he? White there he is. But, I mean really you're great. Now I got Murcer Took me awhile to learn that Oklahoma easy language, but now he's got it down pat and he's an excellent broadcaster. You know, it's a funny thing. Murcer and Mantle both came up as shortstops. You know when Mickey came up now this is ridiculous. I'm going from the end of my career back to the you know when Mantle came up I had my bags packed because I had heard about Mantle. He could out run a rabbit and hit the ball out of the moon over the moon, over the moon and I had won the MVP that year before and I had I really thought they'd trade me but I saw Mickey trying to field grounders. He and Murcer were the same. As soon as I saw them try to field grounders, and they had to clear the in back of the first baseman, had to get all of the people out of the stands because they were hitting them. (laughter) So they put Mickey in the outfield. He never played the outfield. They gave him a pair of sun glasses. He put them down . The first ball hit to him hit him right on the head. (laughter) But he turned out to be a pretty outstanding outfielder. What a ball player. (applause) Why he could have won every award if he had two good legs.Well, I'm on the last page. What no, no wait a minute. Take my time. No, really you people have me but alright I mean I'd stay up out here all day if my voice was good, no kidding. (applause)Why don't all you huckleberries go back to the hotel? (laughter) Pee Wee is the first one to jump up. No, if you want to let these old timers go back to the hotel, go ahead and I'll just talk to the kids. Anyone wants to leave out there, (laughter) go ahead. I'll tell you they take so many foul balls in George Grande.No seriously, I better not but oh I got them coming up on the last page. I got one now. This real dear friend of mine, Ruby Sabetino. Now you know ends in a vowel, any name that ends in a vowel I'll give a birthday to but I wish a happy birthday and get well soon because Ruby is a little bit under the weather. She couldn't make the trip and then came last night and this morning. (applause)A day without the Canolis., is like a day without sunshine. I got to get off here. If one of you guys would just come and drag me physically off. I just (laughter) No really I just want to say, I have been the luckiest man in the world, and I talk about my family I talked about my baseball career, broadcasting is really I'm embarrassed to get my paycheck. Not too embarrassed. I'll go and get it but it's such an easy job. I mean this guy White and the Murcer and Coleman and Seaver I mean Seaver unbelievable with Seaver. He should be someplace and he's sittin' up here. He should be out broadcasting games. He could be the Commissioner or the President of the American League or the National League. (Applause) No, I'm telling you he is a lot like White. They think things out before they say anything. No my bride again told me that the reason I got in so much trouble when you get a thought it's suppose to travel through your brain. You got a little trap door back here and then you say, 'Should I or shouldn't IV Okay and you drop the thing. She says my trap door is open constantly so whatever I say could come out before I can think about it. (laughter) and that's how I do get in trouble. But I really the broadcast partners I have had, Mel Allen the greatest voice of the Yankees, right on down the line. Everyone of them that and all the ball players I've played with all the teammates I had, without them we wouldn't have gotten all those I mean, after the DiMaggio era and Henrich and Berra. .. we had Mantle, the Bauers, the Woodlings and Yogi and who else?I mean, we had oh on third base wait a minute. All my third basemen had to be alert for any ball hit in a hole. I tried to teach these young kids today ball hitting the hole. Back handed throw it to the third baseman, let him throw the guy out. Of course, you know you've got them going away and the same way with the second basemen. For Brown, Dr. Bobby Brown who's leaving the American League presidency in a little while was at third. He had the great arm. Billy Johnson had a great arm, Andy Carey another one who had a great arm, Gil McDougald. They were all McDougald outstanding ball player. Could play any position, Hall of Fame. What? Oh Clete. Boyer? Well, I didn't play with Clete Boyer. NO, Clete. Boyer is not dead.. (laughter) Do you have the when Bob came into the stadium, who did he tell it? came into the stadium and he saw me and he was mad. He said, 'I thought you were dead? I said, 'I'm not dead.' He said, 'I sent you a card, send it back to me.' (laughter)No listen, one thing I want to do and no I don't want to hear any boos on this now. A man who wants to win so badly that and has been so wonderful to my family and myself and all the Yankee ball players I just want to say thanks George Steinbrenner. Thank you very much for all your help. (applause)And I don't say that because I lead the league in days, I have had more days and always George comes through. As a matter of fact, I was suppose to have a day on August 13th. The strike came up and I said, 'Hot dog I won't have a day George moved the day 'to the 9th. (laughter) So now we're going to have another day for me. But let me, let me just read this. I just want to this is the only thing that I put down that I wrote down.I want to thank all of you who have been let's see now I don't want to start I don't want to start crying. Now everybody comes up here cries. I know it's not to bad if you do cry but you know all of you have been there for the most wonderful lifetime that one man can possibly have and I just want to say, 'God Bless all of you,' and 'God Bless this wonderful game that they call baseball.'Thank you very much.  
