
    This is great, thank you. Thank you Mr. Stack and fellow Hall of Famers, thank you for that tribute. This is a very special moment for me. Most of you probably don't know I got my big break in baseball right here in Cooperstown. Back in 1966, 1 had the opportunity to pitch against the Minnesota Twins. I had been sent down that spring because I needed work and a few things and the St. Louis Cardinals had a pitching problem at the the major league level so I went to work on my game down in the minor leagues and it just so happened that that year in 1966 the Cardinals played an exhibition game against the Twins here, and they invited me up to pitch that game from the Tulsa baseball team at that time, and I had the good fortune to strikeout ten Minnesota Twins at that game in seven innings. So that sort of precipitated my return back to the major leagues and I'm so happy to be back in this wonderful town. They say life goes in circles and we're back here some twenty eight years later, so it's great and wonderful to be back in this tremendous town. Thank you so much for being out here today. (applause)It's an honor for a kid, you know from North Miami to be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. You know every kid that puts on a n a bat and glove has this same dream to appear here one day and it's been my good fortune to do this. It's something I loved for twenty four years and to get paid for it is quite a blessing. You know, I can't to get to describe my gratitude pride and joy to be here today but that's not going to stop me from trying. Also, I was known as 'Silent Steve' all those years and this will probably be the most talking I've done in quite awhile, so which of course brings me to the baseball writers. (laughter) There's your chance.Obviously, I'd like to extend my sincere best wishes to the Baseball Writers' of America for voting me into the Hall of Fame, my first year of eligibility especially. Actually being voted into the Hall of Fame of baseball by the writers is like Rush Limbaugh being voted in by the Clintons, so (laughter). I'll take it as a compliment. (applause) My favorite guy. (laughter) But I always had respect for the writers as they know even though we had a difference of opinion and I know they respected the job I did out on the mound, so I appreciate the honor they bestowed upon me today and thank you.You know I should also point out that being silent all those years did have it's downside after the 1987 season of being with the Minnesota Twins that year, we were invited after they won the World Series we were invited to the White House and we were taking the pictures out on the White House lawn and the next day the caption in one of the Minnesota papers was, I was listed as an unnamed secret service agent. (laughter) It does have it's short comings. I would like to you know to get serious a little bit here and hopefully not too serious but I'd like to thank you know the baseball owners that gave me the opportunity to do do what I did for so long and in the audience here is former owners of the Phillies (applause). His son Bobby is right to his immediate left. Bill Giles also he was announced earlier. I'd like to thank them for showing today. You know we've I've played for them for a lot of years and we have become very good friends and they are here on this special day, so thank you. R especially in those in the early lean years of the 1970's you know he had great confidence in me and he was committed to building a winner which the Phillies eventually became. They would go from winning only 59 games in 1972 to becoming World Champions in 1980 is quite a turn a round (applause) and going to a man like Carpenter. Bill Giles to continue that tradition. (applause) I was fortunate to be part of that experience and I hank you gentlemen.Also, obviously the managers and the coaches I've played for holding two dozen guys together for six months of the season is quite a quite a task and they did a wonderful job and all the managers and coaches I played for I tip my cap to them. And you know all the teammates I played for, the great times we've had on and off the field. I played for twenty four years so I can't name names you know you have a lot of a lot of teammates over twenty four years but they'd know who they are. A lot of them here today and they were announced and we remain good friends for all this time. I also could not have won 329 games in the major leagues if wasn't been for this the type of dedicated players that gave 110% every time I went out to the mound. The timely fielding and hitting attributed to those types of recorded. Thank you gentlemen. You're right, take no prisoners. (laughter) Also had great you know great teammates on and off the field. Like I said, and they put up with our joking around and you know the head butts, I think we started the head butt routine. The food fights we learned that from somewhere else but it made the baseball experience a great one.As a pitcher though, I'd absolutely be remiss if I didn't talk about catchers. My main man down here. You know a catchers equipment has also been has been called a tool of ignorance and I think that's an unfortunate description because behind every successful pitcher there had to. be a very smart catcher and Tim McCarver is that man. He's been a longtime friend (applause).Timmy called me called back started to catch me back in 1964 with the Cardinals and he continued you know sometime with the Phillies for a number of years and we had an incredible rapport I was one of the most focused pitchers, I believe, that ever played the game. I trained myself to do that and Timmy had a great part in that. If it wasn't for his abilities to take control of the game and be master of all potential situations he was a great a lot of people don't know he was a great bridge player so he remembered everything about every situation so he made it easy on me because I was like on cruise control all the time. In fact, Timmy, Timmy forced me to pitch inside. Early in my career I was very reluctant to pitch inside and Timmy had a way to remedy this. He used to sit up behind the hitter . . . (laughter) There was just the umpire there. I couldn't see him so I was forced to pitch inside and of course today with all the people charging the mound, that would be an unfortunate situation if it weren't for the likes of a Mr. Gus Heffling became my martial arts trainer back in the middle '70's. Gus is quite a man. He extended my career for many years, I believe. In my early 30's, I felt that I needed something to, you know, to sort of supplement my training program and Gus came along and came up from the Eagles at that time in 1975 and I feel strongly that I would have been out of the game in a shorter period of time than I did and the way it is I pitched until my middle 40's so I owe that you know the strength, the flexibility, you know, that kind of stuff all came from Gus as being my mentor and he was the best at what at it and I thank you Gus. (applause)As you know, I'm going into the Hall of Fame as a Philadelphia Phillie and the Phillies have a tremendous (cheers) (applause) and Phillie is a tremendous sports town. The city has been very good to me and indeed looking back to the tradition of Phillies baseball Grover, Cleveland, Alexander, and to the 'Whiz Kids' of the 1950's and last years pennant winners makes me more appreciative to be associated with that great franchise. (applause)Today is a very happy, happy day for Philadelphia baseball but I think we have to mention that there's other deserving Phillies that, such as Richie Ashburn, that (applause) I would love to see Richie have the same honor bestowed upon me today in the not to distant future. In Richie's case, he certainly I believe put up the Hall of Fame numbers and he's one of the games great super stars or great stars and he deserves being here. (applause)I'd also like to address the fans of Philadelphia and the fans of baseball in general. This shrine of baseball, the Hall of Fame, and this ceremony today would really be nothing without you fans, and obviously you can see the turn out here is . . . This is what it's all about. You know the hard working people that take their families out to the ball game, you know and the millions that turn out in and. You know when I was pitching in Philadelphia it was wonderful you know the millions of people turning out these days at Jacob Field in Cleveland or Camden Yard in Baltimore. Even the Rockies in my new home state of Colorado they're setting attendance records so . . . I strongly believe that the game would really be wouldn't be interesting or wouldn't be worth playing if it wasn't for the people that come out and support us, so (applause) thank you. Which brings me to my own family. My number one fan, Bev, is right here in the front row and (applause) . . . I met Bev in Winnipeg, Canada back in 1964 when I was pitching there and we were married the next year and have two wonderful sons that are here today, Steven and Scott. (applause) Being a ball players wife, I think is probably the toughest assignment in life. You know all the road trips and the demanding schedule is really tough on a family and you know Bev has always hung in there and encouraged me to keep playing so without a situation like that these things aren't possible because I saw a lot of guys quit the game because of a family that said it was time to get out. So I always had plenty of encouragement from Bev and love you. (applause)In fact, she kept encouraging me to play until they ripped the uniform off my back which is (laughter) think that's how I ended my career but . . . But Bev has always been in my Hall of Fame, dear, that's great.And of course you know what happens when you've been married for almost thirty years, you end up having grandchildren. My son Steven's wife, Iris is Iris took the kid out, I see. They have a wonderful little son named Phoenix and he probably got tired and didn't believe anything I was saying anyway. And my youngest son Scottie, his fiancée, Terry Troll, are here also and they're going to be married in November. I wish you well, (applause) I'm looking forward to it.A few things about baseball, my philosophy about baseball. You know, I love the game of baseball. It afforded me the opportunity to set goals in my life and to discipline myself and to mature fully as an adult, as a human being. And also work with a bunch of great guys that were dedicated to achieving success., a common goal and I think it's often been said that the bonds of friendship that soldiers make in the trenches is probably the strongest in the world but well being in spring training to the end of the season sometimes winning the World Series is probably equal to that in many ways and it's wonderful to achieve a common goal together and it's just wonderful to be that close to guys for so long and keep those friendships throughout the years. You know, we still have friends from the sixties that we're very close together so it's a fun thing.But progressing in life is important too. As much as I enjoyed baseball, I never did really dwell on the past as you probably read or knew about. So I just felt the energy should be directed into the present and the future. I've mentioned several times before how much my concentration and focus were the keys to the success on the mound and I always said that trade coming over from the Cardinals, at that time they were competing for the championship every year and then last place Philadelphia ball club, was sort of a blessing in disguise for me. It gave me the opportunity to really seriously put my ideas into play, into focus even stronger and concentrate greater than I've ever done before. Especially in the year 1972 in winning so many games for a team that only won 59. (applause)But today I still practice the art of concentration. I'm not in the game anymore but living in a ranch in Colorado with my family and skiing and motorcycle and riding in recreational activities are where I put my focus now. And when I talk to young kids how important it is to cultivate that skill, focus and concentration are there because everything can be achieved with disability. I think if they can focus and concentrate and work hard then the challenges of life, to deal with the pressures of life, and to avoid the temptation such as drugs and put themselves in a position to succeed is much easily obtainable. So, but in conclusion I've many friends here today. I'd like to thank them for sharing this special occasion with me and I'd also like to give my best to Phil Rizzuto and Laraine Day receiving the award for Leo Durocher and I wish them the best.But memory is baseball's fourth dimension and I know the memory of this day will be with my family and myself forever and thank you so much. You're very kind.  
