
    Thank you. Thank you. (applause) Thank you. (applause) Thank you, it’s wonderful (applause and yelling) Thank you. What a great day, (pause) I only wish that all of you out there could stand right here and see what I am looking at (pause) it’s truly amazing. Thank you. Baseball dignitaries...Hall of Famers (aside...wake up guys it won’t be long) (laughter) and fans. I’d first like to offer my congratulations of course to Bob Wolff, the family of the late Leon Day, William Hulbert, Vic Willis, and of course Richie. (applause) Richie I’m so pleased to be able to share this day with you (pause) as a player you truly had a Hall of Fame career. I know that because I had your baseball cards (laughter) just kidding (laughter), and it’s wonderful that you’ve finally received the credit. My family and I congratulate you for an honor that is long overdue, and I want to personally thank you, Andy Musser, Chris Wheeler, and our close friend Harry Kalas for all of your support over the years. (applause) I really do stand before you a man that’s totally humbled by the magnitude of this entire experience. It’s unbelievable. To be honored at this historic annual baseball ritual is truly the finishing touch on what was an extremely rewarding career. To my friends, baseball dignitaries, and most of all you loyal fans and your families who’ve traveled many miles to be here I’m honored and flattered that you came to Cooperstown. (applause) Back in January a friend of mine put this whole honor in perfect perspective for me. He said “Mike, do you realize what being in the Hall of Fame means? It means your life and your career have been immortalized. You’ll be remembered forever.” I said to him, “Does that mean I’m immortal?” (laughs) He said, “No Mike it means your name is immortalized, there is a difference.” When I thought of it in that way I had a great new appreciation for the magnitude of this whole thing. For months I’ve been thinking about how to approach this speech. I wanted to come up with something from my heart based on the twenty years that I’ve played the game. (pause) I could not approach it simply as an acceptance speech. Considering the times we are in I felt I had to deliver some sort of message. So often we hear the words pride and proud used when a player reflects on his success. Yeah, I know I’m often guilty of giving myself too much credit for my accomplishments, in fact there isn’t one man up here on this stage who’d be here if it weren’t for the talent and sacrifices of other people along the way. Today if you’ll bear with me I want to acknowledge and thank many of those people who made my career possible. The chain of friends, coaches, and family who each in a special way, made it possible for me to reach this field of dreams. So if you’ll indulge me, I’d like to recognize some of these people. I’m a Daytonian are there any people from Dayton in the audience? (yelling) Yeah, I see there is a couple of them out there. Cooperstown is a tough place to get to I know. (Laughter) My mom, I...I told you should’ve closed Phillips Aquatic Club today so everyone in Dayton could make it here. My career began in my backyard when I was three years old, my Grandmother Schmidt used to pitch me a tennis ball and I’d whack it with a broomstick into the neighbors yard. As I got older into organized baseball, in addition to driving me to games on the weekend her thing was to tailor my uniforms. To tailor them so they’d just fit like her heroes whose poster she had on her bedroom wall -- Reds second basemen Pete Rose. (applause and yelling) She passed away in 1980 before we won the World Series, but not before her hero and I became teammates and...and friends in 1979. I join her and millions of baseball fans around the world (pause) in hoping that some day soon, some day very soon Pete Rose will be standing right here. (applause) I know you all agree with me on that one. (applause and yelling) It’s great that we see eye to eye on something, isn’t it Philadelphia? (applause and laughter) Pete stood for winning, we all know that. My first experience on a winning team was in 19...in the 1950’s, where back in Little League I learned about discipline and team work from a coach named Jack Fenner. In high school I was introduced to words that became my credo: sacrifice and hard work, by Dave Powsgrow. One summer my baseball dreams almost ended, in fact it was 1968 after my freshmen year at Ohio University. I had to face a reality back then that I simply wasn’t good enough at this game to make any team in Dayton, Ohio. But thanks to Ted Mills a great baseball man back then, he gave me a chance to play. It was on that team that I met a man named Tom Smith...who became my future OU teammate, roommate and best friend. Tom and I were inseparable through those years, together we chased a dream, a dream of someday playing professional baseball. If there’s one man that I could single out as having the most to do with me becoming a Hall of Famer, it would be Bob Rehn, my baseball coach at Ohio University. He took me, a walk-on athlete at Ohio University and developed me into an All-American in two years. He provided me with a baseball foundation that I relied upon as a pro and still use today as a high school baseball coach. A scout who once said he found me in Little League’s stayed with me through high school and college, when no other scouts were interested in me - the late Tony Lucadello convinced the Phillies to draft me in 1971. Early in my career I...I received support from behind the scenes. You know in those meetings when young player’s futures are hanging in the balance, great baseball men like Paul Owens, Andy Seminick, Cal Emery, and late Granny Hamner, a friend of Reggie’s I know, were all in my corner when I needed them. (applause) You know life for me was not always baseball, there was God, family, and there were real people, guys who come on once in a lifetime, a guy who I will always consider my closest friend from baseball Gary Maddox. (applause) Along with Gary, and the counseling of Wendell Kempten, Andre Thornton, Pat Williams, I found and committed my life to what is the real foundation for living -- Jesus Christ. Few players these days (applause) remain with the same team...throughout their career. Thanks to Phillies owners Ruly Carpenter and Bill Giles I was able to establish a secure home in Philadelphia for my family throughout my career. I will always be grateful to these men. Especially Bill Giles. For their dedication, their character, and their love of the game. I’d like for Bill, who stood already, and Ruly Carpenter if you’re over there, please stand up for a second and be recognized (applause). These are two great baseball men who I owe a lot to. (applause) Now more than ever baseball needs more men like Bill Carpenter and Ruly Giles (sic). I’d also like to congratulate Lee Thomas and the Philadelphia Phillies for all of their success in the recent years. We’re going through some tough times right now but we’ll bounce out of it. (applause and yelling) I wish you the best the rest of the year. Managers, I played for several real good ones, there’s no question about that, they have a tremendous effect on a player’s career. My first seven years with the Phillies, Danny Ozark was our manager and he accepted me as his personal project. In fact he wanted to trade me for a load of pumpkins (he laughs and so does audience). Danny I know we had some tough times, but I’ll never forget the positive influence you had on my career. And then there was Dallas Green in 1980 (applause) our championship year. He pushed myself and my teammates to new heights, and we’ll never forget that 1980 year. I’ll also never forget Phillies coaches Bobby Wine and Mike Ryan. Those guys never objected to hours and hours of throwing me batting practice. My aches and pains were readily attended to by Don Seager, Jeff Cooper and the Phillies training staff. Gus Hemphley and Pat Crochee two people you haven’t heard much about, they taught me the value of training my body in the off season which may have been the most important professional commitment that I ever made. The Phillies are a family, a dedicated family with people behind the scenes who were wonderful to me. People like Larry Shenk and his PR staff, Kenny Bush, Pete Siera, and all the home club...clubhouse staff over the years. And what about the Phillies fans? (yelling and applause) I know you’re out there--I know you are, I’ve seen your caps, I’ve seen your license plates, I’ve seen your cars, I’ve seen your smiling faces for the past three days. You in fact have stretched the city limits of Philadelphia all the way to Cooperstown, it’s unbelievable. (applause) I know you know this, that everywhere I go I’m asked about.. you fans, I’m asked about what it was like to play in Philadelphia. Let me say this and make it as short and sweet as I possibly can. If I had it to do over and...if I had it to do all over again I would do it in Philly. (applause) If I had it to do all over again the only thing I would change would be me. I’d be less sensitive, I’d be more out-going, I’d be more appreciative of what you expected of me. My relationship with Philadelphia fans has always been misunderstood. Can we put that to rest here today? (applause) I...I and my family sure hope we can. (applause) Sure there were tough nights and tough games at Vet Stadium. (applause) You’ve got to realize that that’s the nature of the sport we played, but I remember most your cheers of anticipation, (pause) as I would come to the plate for a big at bat. The curtain calls after big home runs, and that number 20 along with these other three guys being hung on the outfield wall at Vet Stadium- forever. And that’s the bottom line, just like today you’re here back then you were there and I know you care, and for that, I thank you, (applause) There are two special men in my life, although they’re not related to me I consider them family. Because of their personal, business and financial counsel they’ve enabled my family to...to enjoy a secure life off the field. Arthur Rosenburg who handled all of my financial affairs for the past fifteen years and Paul Shapiro who along with Arthur negotiated all of my Phillies contracts. Also a special member of Arthur’s organization, my sister-in-law and executive secretary Joyce Christianson. I want to thank you all for all you’ve done for me. (applause) We all know (pause) that there is no substitute in life for family. I could not have asked for a more closely knit, supporting, supportive, loving family environment. Growing up both as a young man and a married professional athlete. Mom, Dad, Sally, Ron, Jess, Jon and my best friend my wife Donna will you stand? (applause) (clears throat) My greatest gift of all is, to have you all healthy and able to share in this honor with me. In preparing this speech I thought of some lessons I learned from my baseball career. Lessons like having patience, and dealing with pressure, teamwork and unselfishness. Heaven knows we have to learn to deal with failure as baseball players. Establishing that goals can only be obtained through sacrifice and hard work. An important lesson I recently learned from my young son Jon, and a lot of these guys knew this throughout their careers but I’m not sure that I ever did--that baseball can actually be played for fun. (pause/yelling) Before me, before me there is an important lesson I want to emphasize, and it’s a lesson that not only parents, coaches, and players at all levels should hear, but it is a lesson that I want to make part of my own personal life as well. This lesson wasn’t a part of a big home run or a big victory, this lesson started back in 1971, when a player named Bob Boone, who I had never met before at the time, went out of his way and said to me, “Mike, nice hitting,” as I...as my home run for the Philadelphia Phillies big league club beat Bob’s Reading Phillies farm team. You know it was my first sense that I ever...that I had a friend in professional baseball. It occurred again in 1974 when that highly respected player Dave Cash told me, and more importantly told all of my teammates and my manager that I was a player, when everyone else was doubting my ability. Again in 1976, Dick Allen took me aside before a game in Chicago and said to me, “Mike, let’s go out and have some fun today. No matter what the outcome enjoy the sunshine, the crowd -- Wrigley Field is a beautiful place,” and I went out and hit four straight home runs. (applause) And finally it occurred, it occurred for me every day, it occurred every day from 1979 to 1983 when the greatest hitter ever, Pete Rose, started telling me, “Mike, your the best player I ever played with.” Those four guys molded my career with the magic of motivation. No matter who we are or where we play, from little league to the big leagues, we’re human - we need positive reinforcement. So let the motivation that I experienced in my career be a lesson to all you parents and coaches out there. Our kids need confidence, they need self esteem and in some cases that’s all they need. Let’s all start balancing our scales with more positive reinforcement. Words of encouragement at the right time for our kids and from the right person could be more powerful and more enduring than any trophy you might give them. I assure you without those four guys, and the words of encouragement for me at the right time I would not be standing here today. Before I close I would like to say one thing. That I consider playing professional baseball a privilege. A privilege that is granted to only a few men. It is my sense that many of today’s players are taking that privilege for granted. (yelling/applause) A game that at one time was steeped with passion, humility, and respect for the opposition, has now given away to...a “look at me, in your face” attitude! You know, this attitude is supported and commercialized by television, and I must add, it’s highly suspect on its impact on our youth. (applause) Because I fear that impact (applause)...because I fear that impact of ...because I fear the impact of this attitude, I want to use this opportunity to warn the current generation of baseball players of the seriousness of the widening gap between our game and its fans. Now more than ever our sport is vulnerable. We can’t afford to lose any more fans to the more high profile, fast paced games of professional basketball and football. Since retiring I’ve come to realize that baseball fans are unique. You too have a passion--a special appreciation for all that this sport embodies. No other sport has fans attached to such a significant and rich history as baseball. No sport requires its fans to follow them, and their team through a meaningful regular season just to have an opportunity to play for the championship. And no other sport has fans that depend on it to entertain them through the long, hot summer. Those who are currently enjoying the fruits of the game had best realize that the key to the game’s survival is that unique bond that this game has with its fans. Hall of Famers and their teammates built a foundation upon which our game rests, (pause) and their era strengthened that special foundation and that bond between baseball and its fans. Our game has reached a crossroads. (pause) I don’t believe it can survive unless the team owners and players become one. Take a look at the empty seats at every game or drive by an empty playground where kids used to be playing ball. (pause) That concerns me, and baseball it should scare you! Just a new basic agreement will not bring the fans back, even great baseball won’t ensure their return, there must be a new level - a higher level of cooperation and understanding. We need to recapture and re-energize the spirit of baseball fans. If we make the fans number one they will come! (applause) I’d like to challenge the players and the owners to find an independent commissioner, a commissioner who would create a more amicable relationship between players and owners. (applause) One who, who will re-establish a solid, network baseball television contract. And one who will promote the game’s current players, (pause) hey and don’t forget these men behind me right here. These are the greatest players ever, as a resource for advancing the greatness of our game. (applause) Are there any kids out there? Let’s hear the kids. (yelling) To the young kids out there I want to say one thing...never stop chasing your dreams. Your dreams are your best motivators. (pause) My career is an example of how you can beat the odds. How someone’s dreams can come true. But remember this, in the final analysis you can believe in your dreams, you can be taught, supported, motivated, and loved by others. But ultimately your success depends on you. You must take responsibility for your body, for your mind, and for your character. In closing, my family and I thank everyone associated with the National Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown for their hospitality, the Baseball Writer’s Association of America for your support, of course the Philadelphia Phillies organization and all of my teammates over the years. My fellow Hall of Famers, I tell you that sounds good to me, thanks for coming back to support me this year (applause), and not just Phillies fans but every fan out there and every fan of our great game. And I’d also like to thank God (pause) for this very, very special moment and for blessing my life in so many ways. Thank you all for coming I’ll cherish this honor forever. (Applause)  
