
    Thank you very much Ed, Hall of Fame members, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, and baseball fans here and all over the world today. I would like first to say to the Fox family, and those members of the Wells’ and Lasorda’s, I would like to congratulate each and every one of you. I’m honored, Tommy, to go in with you, because we have done some battles before and it’s an honor sitting next to you. I’m extremely proud to be here on this fiftieth anniversary of Jackie Robinson. I’m not that old, folks. I didn’t play with Jackie or against him. I know he was the greatest ballplayer probably of all time. The honorable Zell Miller, the honorable Governor from the great state of Georgia’s here today. And I’ve heard him say many times that if you see a turtle sitting on a fencepost, you know it didn’t get there by itself. And I certainly didn’t get here by myself today. And I just want to give you a few reasons why I am. To a lady who brought me to this world about 58 years ago, who fed me, she washed my clothes, and she made sure that I was fed properly and always had that crease in the front of my pants and my shirts were washed and dinner was on the table at nine-thirty in the evening when me and my dad got through playing ball in the backyard. Absolutely the finest mother a man could have and I’m very fortunate that she can be here today and there sitting in a row, my mother. People, on her birth certificate, [it] says Henrietta Niekro. Her friends call her Ivy. I call her mom. My mom, Mrs. Phil Niekro. We’re all very fortunate in our life to be blessed, to be associated with certain people in our lives, and I have been. Thirty-two years ago, when I walked on a charter flight with the Milwaukee Braves, I walked on the airplane and I told one of the guys on the Milwaukee Braves. I saw my wife who was a flight attendant…I told Gene Oliver, in fact, I said I’m going to marry that lady. And I’m going to spend the rest of my life with her. And I have. She has laughed with me and she has cried with me and she has kept me warm in many more ways than one. Married for thirty-one years, the finest wife a man could have, my wife Nancy. We all have sisters, and we all have daughters, and sons and daughters and nieces and nephews. My wife gave me three healthy and lovely boys, and they’re with me here today, and I love ‘em, and I always will, and I’m as proud of my sons as any man could be of his sons. Don’t have any daughters, but I’ve got three great ones and those are my sons, Philip, John, and Michael. We all have sisters and brothers. I have the finest brother and the finest sister in the world, I know that. I have a sister that I’ve known, well, all my life. And probably, if there was a women’s hall of fame today, she would probably be in it, because she’s the one that caught my knuckleball in the backyard. And can still catch it. She is in my hall of fame. If you’ve never been touched by an angel, you’ve never shaken my sister’s hand. My sister, Phyllis Dilmore, right here.A lot of us have brothers and a lot of us don’t. I’ve got one. And in my mind, he’s the best. My dad always said he always wanted to have both of his boys play in the big leagues, but he’d settle for one. And we both made it there. Pitched against this guy nine times in my career. He won five and I won four. I guess it’s the way it should be because he’s the baby. I don’t say this a lot, but my brother, Joe, got one hit off of me in those nine games. He hit one home run in the big leagues, and he hit it off of me. And he won the ball game. I am extremely blessed to able...to be able to call this guy my brother. He is the best. Joe, I love you very much. My brother Joe Niekro.I know Don... Don mentioned this other gentleman and I just want to touch on him because we all grew up with certain people in our lives, and I grew up with this guy. He could hit a baseball and play baseball better than I could. He could shoot a basketball better than I could, which you all know. And he could throw a football further than I do. One thing he couldn’t do better than me was throw a knuckleball. He’s been an inspiration to me all my life, and that’s a great friend. My good friend, John Havlicek. Thank you, John.In 1988 [sic], when the late Bill Maughn was a scout for the Milwaukee Braves and came into my kitchen in Lansing, Ohio, a town of about twelve hundred people, and sat down and gave me the chance to sign my name to a professional baseball contract. Eau Claire, Wisconsin for two hundred seventy five dollars a month. Probably more than some of these guys made when they first signed, but that was a lot of money to me and my father says, ‘Mr. Maughn, you’re not going to get my son. I’m not going to let him go until we sit down and work out a little deal here.’ And Bill Maughn and my dad did it and Bill Maughn wrote my dad a check for five hundred dollars. And my dad accepted it, because I think that’s about as much as he made in ... in a month in the coal mine. So to the Bill Maughn family, I never, never will forget Bill Maughn. My certain, absolutely thanks... to the Atlanta Braves organization where I was born, and where I retired. They are absolutely, to me, the first-class organization in the country. And I know there are a lot of players who will dispute that to me, but those who have now played with the Atlanta Braves know what I’m talking about. From my first minor league manager in 1959, Wellsville, New York, Harry Minor, to my last minor league manager in Richmond in 1966, Bill Adair. And in between, when I played in Jacksonville, Florida, my manager by the name of Red Murff walked up to me and said, ‘Son’, he says, ‘if you get that knuckleball over the plate, you can pitch in the big leagues.’ And I believed him. I’ve had a lot of respect for Red, and I still do, and he’s here today and I just want to say thank you, Red, for... finally someone in my lifetime at that age telling me that I could pitch in the big leagues with that knuckleball.‘Course, my thanks to Bill Bartholomay who was the boss before Ted got there. Bill, thank you very much. And to Ted Turner. Everybody should play for one manager in their life, under one organization and, everyone should play for the Atlanta Braves sometime in their life. To George Steinbrenner and the New York Yankees for giving me two years in ‘84 and ‘85, when the Braves released me, and gave me a chance to win my 300th game. To Joe Klein and Danny O’Brien, Cleveland Indians in ‘86 and ‘87, for giving me two more years, to be able to play the game again. And the Toronto Blue Jays for trying me one more time for a month in Toronto in 1987. I thank you. And especially again to the Atlanta Braves, Ted Turner and Stan Kasten, for signing me for one day, for one dollar to pitch one game, or at least start one game. To be able to walk out on that field and knowing that I was going to end my career with an Atlanta Braves hat on. And if they hadn’t done that, I’d still probably be asking them if I could’ve done that. So to the Braves organization, thank you for doing that.I know there are some people from Ohio, is anyone from Ohio here? I’m sure there’s a few... in Georgia and that little town of Lansing, Ohio, of about twelve hundred people, to the Ohio Valley, Bridgeport High School, Lansing Grade School, St. Joseph’s Church, Lansing Sportsman’s Club, I know you guys are here today. Braves Four Hundred Club, who I’ve known for, oh...I don’t know how long. Thank you for coming.If a lot of you saw the movie, Field of Dreams, in the latter part of that movie, when Kevin Costner was standing by his father in that baseball field, and Kevin looked... Kevin’s father looked at him, and he opened his eyes, and looked around, he says, ‘Is this heaven?’ And Kevin Costner said, ‘No, this is Iowa.’ If that movie was made in Lansing, Ohio, Blaine, at that ballfield where I played at, that would have been probably re-written. Because his father would have looked at Kevin and said, ‘Kevin, am I in heaven?’ And Kevin would have said, ‘No, you’re in Ohio, but today you’re in heaven.’I’ve had the pleasure to play...I’m gonna have to back that up for just one second. Kevin Costner’s father would have said, ‘Am I in Ohio?’ And Kevin would have said, ‘No, you’re in heaven.’Back in the fall of 1993, a friend of mine named Bob Hope called me and asked me if I would consider managing a women’s professional baseball team. And I said to Bob, ‘I don’t think so.’ I said, ‘I’ve played baseball all my life and I don’t know.’ After I realized what the story was about, and that the Coors Brewing Company was going to put the money behind this program, I said I would. So I’m gonna have to thank, and I would like to thank, Mr. Peter Coors and Leo Kiley for stepping forward finally in this country and at least giving these women a chance to play baseball. I know a lot of people don’t agree with it, maybe can’t understand it. But my feeling is this. This is America and this is the land of the free and the home of the brave, and all they want is the chance to play baseball and an opportunity. And I think that’s what this country can give them. And I am...I am...Hey, I figure, hey, they’ve gone to wars for us and died for us, they pay their taxes and they vote.  In 1960, when tennis champion Bobby Riggs said that men deserve better treatment than women because they’re better players, he found out differently, when Billie Jean King beat him in a straight match set. So I am honored and very privileged to be a part of an organization for the past four years. And I would like to introduce to you along with the coaches, and the owners, the 1997 Colorado Silver Bullets, right over there. And yes, if you throw at them and hit them, they may come out to the mound.There’s a lot of people here, a lot of friends of mine, and a lot of families, and thank you for coming from so far and near. All my friends in Georgia and Ohio and Michigan and Florida and California, it must be a long trip and I’m thanking you now for coming and sharing this date with me. But there’s one man that’s not here. He’s not here. A man that taught me, oh, he taught me how to catch a fish, and he taught me how to put a worm on the hook. Taught me how to clean that fish, taught me how to rabbit hunt, and taught me how to squirrel hunt. He taught me how to play pinochle, took me to church, always had time for his family, didn’t make a whole lot of money. But I’ll tell you, he saved the first dollar of his paycheck for us, and the last one. He’s not here. And he always told me, he said, ‘Son,’ he said, ‘if you want to earn an honest day’s dollar,’ he says, ‘you gotta put in an honest day’s work.’ I have tried to do that my whole life, every time I have put that major league baseball uniform on. Through him and my mom, I have truly learned that the greatest words I have ever read on paper is in the song America. It says, “...and crown thy good with brotherhood, from sea to shining sea.” He would say to me when I walked out to the field to play a game and the umpire dusted off home plate, he’d look at me and say, ‘Son,’ he said, ‘Play Ball, son, Play Ball.’ If we could go back about sixty years right now, today on this Sunday afternoon, to that little Blaine ball field, back in Blaine, Ohio, there’d probably be a game going on right now. And there’d be some coal miners playing against some other coal miners. But we can’t do that, and I know that. But there’s probably a game going on right now, I know that. And this manager, I think, has probably delayed that game a little bit ‘til I get through all I got to say. And as my dad would take the field right now, the lineup would probably sound something like this. These names are unfamiliar to you, but, he’s got a game going on right now. First base would be Chester Casper. Second base, Frank Merckowski. Shortstop, Charlie Pocis. Third base, Cookie Terhole. Left field, Ziggy Berlinski. Center field, Walter Garbac. Right Field, Pete Sabbath. Catching, Stush Maholski. And in the bullpen, Lefty Yurk. And as Clarence Nitsell dusts off home plate, about right now, I say to you, Dad, Play Ball, Dad, Play Ball.I want to leave you with this. To the people sitting in the front row, to all you people back there in the upper deck, the last row, all the way back there, I see you. I have never met a player or an owner who can honestly stand up and say I own this game, it belongs to me. This is America. America’s baseball. This game is owned and it belongs to you, the fan. Cherish it and take care of it. Thank you.  
