
    Thank you. Thank you very much.Never came to my mind that a kid from Puerto Rico at the age of 17, come into the states and try a new venture in life. It’s a great honor, a great honor to be here today in front of these wonderful human beings. Very talented people who played the game and lived the game they were supposed to play and live. I have to say thank you from the bottom of my heart to Bill Rigney, who in 1958 let me know right from the beginning ‘you are going to be my first baseman no matter what.’ In ’58 I didn’t supposed to make the team. In ’58 I didn’t supposed to play in the big leagues. But thank you to Big Rigney who give me the confidence to go to the field and do the best.I like to say that it is a huge honor to be selected with these wonderful, great human beings like George Brett. We played together for two months in Kansas City. When I saw him play, I say, “this kid is never going to make it.” Sometimes you make mistakes.I played with Robin in Puerto Rico. He was 18 years old. He came to Puerto Rico, he was hurt, so when I saw him play ball, I say, “this kid is going to make it.I faced Nolan many times from ’68 to ’73. Like I say yesterday, hitting Nolan Ryan is like eating soup with a fork. Today, I represent my country Puerto Rico. Today, I like to say, thank you, Pedro Rosello, our Governor, who is here today. To Eric Labrador, who is also here, a wonderful Puerto Rican, and thank you for being here today.Today, I like to say that I am very proud to belong to this wonderful organization, the Soka Gakkai International. A organization led by xxxxx, who helped me so much to be the person that I am today. Through his teaching and guidance, I learned to be a better person. I learned that with bitterness and anger and negativity you can go nowhere. Thank you to all my leaders, who supported me all the way, thank you.I want to say thank you to the San Francisco Giant organization. Peter Magowan, Larry Baer, Pat Gallagher, Bob Rose, Bob Lurie, because they are the ones who brought me back to baseball in 1996 and helped me to come back to the game of baseball that I love so much.I want to say thank you to all the people in San Francisco, that in 1958 through 1999, support me and stood by me and get me, give me the strength to go forward no matter how. Today, my wife Miriam is here, who really support me. [applause] My son Orlando Jr., who told me, dad, never give up, things gonna be good.I am proud to be a Puerto Rican, even though I don’t live in Puerto Rico, I am proud to be a Puerto Rican. That is why this day is a wonderful day for Puerto Rico, for my family, and for all the Latin countries. Because Puerto Rico, the Dominican, Venezuela, Mexico, and Cuba, we are Hispanic. Also, it is a great, huge honor to be the second Puerto Rican inducted to the Hall of Fame. The first Puerto Rican [don’t’ understand], joining my dear friend and brother, Juan Marichal, from the Dominican. Joining Luis Aparicio from Venezuela, and Rod Carew from Panama. And I know in the near future Tony Perez, Tony Oliva, and Luis Tiant, they are going to be here, because they belong in Cooperstown.I want to say that I have some wonderful kids today. I have my son Karl, my grandson Cameron, Orlando Jr., Ali Manuel, who missed three flights last night to be here. And Jason is in Puerto Rico now, watching this show. Anyway, I wish I can spend more time here. But they told me only ten minutes. I’d like to say that I played with the great Willie Mays, which I learned so much from him. With the great Hank Aaron, one of the best teammates, a great friend. I played with Lou Brock, with Bob Gibson. I played with my dear friend who passed away two years ago, Curt Flood. I played with Phil Niekro. A great friend. Carl Yastrzemski. And all my teammates. All my friends in Miami, those great Cuban ballplayers. Believe me, I have a wonderful life. I am a very lucky person to be born with the skills to play baseball. Through baseball I escaped from Puerto Rico, I escaped poverty. Through baseball I build a name for myself. Through baseball I opened the gates for more Puerto Ricans, black Puerto Ricans, to come to this country and play ball for a living. I want to say thank you to my wonderful friends from California who are here today. From New York. From Puerto Rico. I am a very blessed human being. I want to say thank you to Allen Lewis, Ted Williams, Stan Musial, Buck O’Neil, Bill White, Jerry Holtzman, because they are the ones who got me in here today. And I am very proud to say that these people who got me in today knew Orlando Cepeda as a baseball player, but most important as a human being. I am pleased. Right now I want to say some words in Spanish if you don’t mind.Quiero decirle a mi pueblo Puerto Rico que tanto quiero, y a todos los países Latinoamericanos, que es un honor extraordinario estar aquí en este momento. Nunca pensé que esto iba a suceder, pero estoy bien agradecido del Creador que está sucediendo. Y quiero decir a Puerto Rico que nos unamos cada día más, que esa juventud de Puerto Rico, que es el futuro de nuestra país, que estudien, que se preparen, y que luchemos con nuestra tierra para que Puerto Rico sea un país modelo. Y que cada día más nos sentamos más orgullosos de nuestra tierra. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. This is a wonderful day for myself and my family, and I am very proud that I was a baseball player and that I am here today. Thank you very much.  
