
    

Please sit down, I learned a long time at ballparks, when they stand up, they’re gettin ready to boo. So please, just set it on down. First of all, I cannot thank Commissioner Selig, and I thank him so much, for introducing me. Because of all the hours we spent together talking over the years when I went into Milwaukee, and I thank him for his kindness. But he has to be, and he’s told me to call him, Bud. I could never call him Bud. He is the Commissioner. And let me tell all of you this, whether Commissioners sometimes make mistakes, they’re human beings, but nobody loves the game of baseball more than this Commissioner. He truly loves the game. And when I look out here today. If you don’t think baseball is the greatest game that the kids ever made, and the kids have played on the sandlots in the streets of New York as Willie played stickball when he was in the big leagues. If you don’t think it’s the greatest game, leave, cause you’re missing it all. It’s the greatest game there ever was. It is the only game where nobody cares where you come from. And nobody cares who you are. They only care, can you play. That’s all this game is. It’s a game of having fun.
I want all of you at this moment, and it’s a must for me. Cause this will be the last time I ever get to speak, cause when I walk away from here today, I’ll never win another game, and I’ll never lose another game. And I know that, so in that respect. It’s a sad moment for me, knowing I will never get to get up in front of a group. But, I want you to take a look at the people behind me. And put it in your brain, when you look at ‘em. The people that came before them, and these people. And the people that will come after them. That is baseball. All the other stuff you’ve heard about baseball is just a makeup. Those people made this game, and they will protect this game. And when you set in a room with them, and you look around, you say to yourself, my goodness, George Sugar how could we come from streets of Santa Barbara to Cincinnati, Ohio, that’s impossible. How could a young man from Bridgewater, South Dakota, 600 people and couldn’t play ever be in front of a microphone, and their talking about the third winningest manager. 
Well let me tell you this, and get it straight and I hope every manager that follows me will listen very carefully. Players earn this, by their skills. Managers come here, as I did, on their backs, for what they did for me. I never believed different, I will never believe different, and I think that’s what made my career so lucky. I was smart enough to know the people that were doing the work, and I could never under any circumstances ever thank ‘em. 
I thank the Veterans Committee, for giving me this honor. I thank Dale Petroskey, and all the people at the Hall of Fame. I wish all of you out there could have had the opportunity I had the last 4 days. I have never in my lifetime been treated like that. I even told my wife, I said you know their treating me so good I feel like I’m important. Maybe I’ll start acting like I’m important. She said, it wouldn’t do no good, cause nobody’d pay attention. So you know, that is the way they treat you. And I thank dale so much. I, I can’t thank you enough. 
I thank the media, and the fans. The fans were very patient with me all the time, very patient. But, the most important thing was the media. Cause they used to come into my office, and they wore high boots that were up to here. And I got the message, I got the message well, but they thought I was throwing some stuff that wasn’t too correct. And they were right. I was throwing a lot of it out there because things weren’t going to good, and when things weren’t going to good I always learned one thing. Just throw a lot of bologna and keep ‘em off track. 
I’m not gonna mention players individually, or coaches individually. But I’ll tell you this, no coach ever worked for me, in my whole career. I worked with coaches, and that was the thing I think I enjoyed so much. We were together, we worked together. They told me many times what to do, and I listened. Cause you know something, it’s a funny thing. There are other people, besides the manager that are smart. You know, a manager has that above his door. He can be the dumbest moron there ever was, but as long as he’s manager he’s got manager above his door. That don’t work. 
There’s two kind of manager, one it ain’t very smart. He gets bad players loses games and gets fired. There was somebody like me that I was a genius., I got good players, stayed outta the way, let ‘em win a lot, and then just hung around for 26 years. It was a lot of fun. My family, my family, she will kill me, because my wife does not ever want anything said about her. She don’t wanna be photographed, she don’t wanna be interviewed. She let me have all the freedom in the world. And that’s the reason I was able to be so lucky. She let me go, and let me be free, and that I can never thank her enough for, my wife Carol. She raised my three children, and I cannot take any credit for them being raised. I can take credit now because I can give things. But I can’t take nothin’ for the times that were tough, and she had to raise ‘em, and what a job she did. I have three kids today, 42, 39, and they don’t like those ages, 38, but they are the finest young people for me, for me in this whole world. And that’s because of what Carol did. First of all I want to introduce my son Lee, and his wife Dawn. And then I have my daughter Shirley, and I always called her Sissy, she thinks I’m nuts, and her husband Jan. And then I want to, the youngest one, Albert and his wife Sara. And then all the grandchildren that are here, we have 14 so we won’t go into all that. I just want them to know that they have tremendous parents and if they will listen to ‘em, they will grow up to be good citizens. And I want them to grow up, for what my father said, when I was 11 years old. My father never got past the third grade, but there ain’t a guy that ever went to Harvard smart as my Daddy. My Daddy said this. He said, “I’m gonna give you a gift, it’s the greatest gift to take all the way through your life. And if you live with this gift, everything will work perfect”, and he said “son I’m gonna give you a gift that will never cost a dime, and that gift is this, if everyday of your life, and every person you meet, you will just be nice to that person, and treat that person like they are someone.” And you know I can tell you this. I have tried as hard as hard as I could, and there’s no way you can try any harder than I have. My Daddy was all man, he didn’t need no big degrees to walk tall, he could walk tall, just from the way he handled himself. 
Then I would like to tell all my friends, every friend I’ve ever met, and I’ve met a lot of ‘em, I thank you for everything. I thank everybody up at Sunset Golf Course in Thousand Oaks, because they ain’t gettin’ none of my money all this week. I’m the sucker up there and they get all the money. They ain’t gettin nothing this week. 
I want to thank the 1951 American Legion team I played on in Detroit, Michigan, won the National Championship. That was right after Frank Robinson killed us in ’50, came down from Oakland. And in 1951 we won, and they’re here today, a whole bunch of ‘em, and I thank you so much. 
I wanna thank the 1948 Trojans, the National Champions, that beat Mr. George Bush, the late president George Bush, not late but the president that was here... [laughter]... We beat ‘em 2 to 1, and I was the batboy at USC, for 6 years. And I think that saved my life, from the neighborhood I came from. I came from a neighborhood, when you talk about things that are not too good, it wasn’t too good. But I tell you what, I wouldn’t trade it for one single second. That’s what made me, I think, who I am today, is because I came from a neighborhood of good people.
I wanna thank, and I have to show much, for my father, he started me in the game, Rod Dado. I could never tell you about Rod Dado, and I’m not gonna go into it up her. Rod Dado was there and will always be there ‘till they put me away. He was like my second Daddy, he called my Georgie, and the only other person that did that was my mama. She called me Georgie, Rod Dado called me Georgie. 
Lefty Phillips, If you could only have known Lefty Phillips. Oh, my goodness, what a tremendous man, and this is his day, that I like to think he is here. And I know he is here in me. I don’t know where else, but he’s here. Benny Lefebvre, Jimmy Lefebvre’s Daddy, my American Legion coach. Bud Brubecker my high school coach, and Art Mazmanian, who’s not here, he coached at Mount Sack for must be 2,000 years, he’s been at Mount Sack, and he just retired. And George Sugar, my first manager I ever had, and I’ll tell you this. He had all the smarts, I had the title. And Georgie I can never tell you enough what it meant to have you there, cause you took care of everything when the problems got tough. And I had a tight and the players know what that means, a tight one all the time and Georgie took care of things.
A man named George KISSAL, the greatest single instructor I ever seen on fundamentals in my life. 50 some years with the Cardinals, and Georgie, he was something special to me. And then, I’m gonna get it going here, Chief Bender. Goodness Chief, my first farm director, put up with me for 13 years, had to scream a lot on the phone at me a lot of times cause he really didn’t like all the things I was doing, but we’re tremendous friends. And Dick Wagner, Dick Wagner was my friend when I was at Cincinnati, he’s my friend now, and he’ll be my friend when I leave this great world of ours. 
Bob Howsem, he’s the man who caused me all the trouble. But everybody said, why do I wear a Cincinnati hat, why don’t I why a Detroit hat. I had no choice. Bob Howsem gave me a job, at the age 35 years old. I thought he was crazy, I think the world thought he was crazy. But he had the courage and the vision to see what he wanted to see from a manager. I will always be indebted to him for everything, because everything in my home, everything I put on me all comes because of this single man Bob Howsem hiring me. And I thank you so much Bob. 
And then, there’s Jim Campbell over at Detroit. James Arthur Campbell, don’t ever forget that name. James Arthur Campbell was so much fun you would go crazy being around him. And I drove him nuts. He said that he was afraid to pick up the paper every morning cause he was afraid to see what I was gonna say. I said Jim don’t worry cancel your subscription, it’ll be no problem. But, I know he’s here today, because I’ve never forgot him, and I never will forget him. And then I’m gonna tell you something special, Dan Ewald, I’ve known Dan Ewald for 22 years. And me and Dan are like as close as you can possibly get. You couldn’t get any closer than we are. And I want Dan to know on this day, he means so much to me. And the last, but not least is my Mom and Daddy. They’re here today. Mama was so quiet and so gentle. She used to say to me Georgie, how come I raised all chiefs and no Indians. And I said mama, I don’t know why, but I know this, my mama was a real mama, and I enjoyed so much he times. I thank all of you and I want you to know that my families and my two sisters who couldn’t come are at home. And my brother who couldn’t come, and my brother and sister-in-law who couldn’t come, and every other person. Don’t ever forget how special that is, and don’t ever forget as long as you live, you will never in your lifetime see people of that greatness again. Thank you so much.  
