
    Thank you. Thank you Mr. Commissioner. Good afternoon, hi everybody, what a feeling. It is hard to describe the emotion of happiness. To be here with my friends, and family of all the friends. Many thanks to the Baseball Writers’ Association of America. Ms. Jane Clark. President of the Hall of Fame Dale Petroskey, and his staff, for all of the first class attention given to my family and friends.It took my some time, but I am lucky and blessed to be here with the fellow inductees Marty, and Sparky, Carlton my ex-teammate, and the other Hall of Famers present. I doubt that a king at his coronation feel better than me today...[Applause]... Many thanks to my friends in Boston, Montreal, Philadelphia, everywhere, and especially in Cincinnati, a city that embraced me and refused me, but refused to boo me anytime. At my worst times, supported and loved me all the time. The feeling of love and respect is mutual, and I really mean it. Many thanks to all that came from Puerto Rico, Cincinnati, Miami, Venezuela, Dominican Republic, Mexico, and everywhere. And to my father-in-law Pablo de la Cantera who is watching from Puerto Rico. I also feel blessed by carrying 3 special flags in my heart. The one from The United States, where the best baseball is played, Puerto Rico, that adopted me, and Cuba, where I was born. I was born and raised in a small sugar mill in Camaguay, Cuba, where my father loved baseball. Always supported me and taught me to respect and love for the game. I came from a poor and hardworking family, but rich in love and respect. My father had a tremendous admiration for Minnie Mi<U+F0D4>oso a star in our country. One day I told my mother Tita, I’m going to be like him. She say son, I wish you luck. But it isn’t going to be easy. Well, it wasn’t easy Tita, but here I am. When the late Tony Pacheco and his car full of Cuban sugar cane, signed me at 16. my father supported me. Later on I went to my first spring training in Tampa, despite my mothers pleading, because of her love. When the season started in April in Geneva, New York, where the cold was so intense and I couldn’t feel it in my bones. My mother, how I missed the heat of my country, and the love from my family. When I went back to Cuba in 1972 to visit my father who was sick, and since I already had some great seasons and 2 World Series, when I saw my mother, I say Tita, I told you, her eyes go wet with happiness. Well I’m proud to carry and happy of my accomplishment, somebody mentioned it that I have record of playing 23 years without being on the disabled list. But I have to mention that winning the All-Star Game in 1967 was a tremendous thrill. And all the competition in the World Series, especially the 1975 finite game, where my friend Carlton Fisk was good enough to ask Bill Lee for the blooper pitch one more time.I was lucky enough to participate in seven World Series, 5 as a player, and seven all-star games. But the thing I’m most proud of is that I always played to win and never cared for numbers or records. I’m always giving 100 percent on the field, and my only concern was winning. My sincere congratulations, oh I had several managers, but I’ll always remember Dave Bristol, who has not only given me the first opportunity, but I always say, If the game goes long enough, Tony will find a way to win it. He was my prophet. And my dear Sparky I think they made me wait so long, so that we could be inducted together. My sincere congratulations to Marty Brennaman, a very classy individual, that has always supported me, and his partner the youngest pitcher ever Joe Nuxhall. I always had to look at the plate with 2 Hall of Famers, Johnny and Carlton. And many other Hall of Famers and classy individuals such as Joe, Davey, Pete, my brother in Cincinnati an estimate, Lee May, Foster, Mike Schmidt , Cepeda, and all those who are too many to name, one by one.My...[undecipherable]... this smiling organization, which opened the door to me. And especially Mr. Henry, Dave Dombrowski, Marlins staff, and all the Marlins fans, and the south Florida Fans. I also hope in the near future Dave Concepcion, Andre Dawson, Tony Oliva, Luis Tiant, Minnie Mi<U+F0D4>oso, and Pete Rose could be here, because the feeling is wonderful. I knew that if it weren’t for Bob Gibson I should be here earlier than today. I also thank the Cincinnati Reds Organization for the great 22 years. And the Cincinnati Reds Sport Writers’ for the royal treatment given to me. My friend, Carlo,[undecipherable]..., and the committee for the effort to helping me to be here now. And my wife Pituka. What can I say about her, I think the day I meet her my career really started. Because, she helped me so much during these years on my way here that I don’t have words to thank her for this many for this happiness in my life. I think I am not the only Hall of Famer in the family, she is the real one. She also gave me two wonderful sons Victor, and Eduardo. No father can have 2 better sons than I have, and I really mean it. These guys are wonderful, and really always respect us. I mean especially my wife. Yeah he has to. I want to thank the St. Louis Cardinals organization and his manager Tony LaRussa, for letting Eduardo be here with me today. Before I finish, I want to pass a little bit of advice to all the present and future players. Please, respect and honor the uniform you wear. Respect your fans and more important respect the game of baseball, a national great past-time. And now I will ask to say something in Spanish to all who are here. I have to speak to all the people in all the countries, not only in Latin America who have supported me for so many years. Too all of you, thank you very much, merci beaucoup, muchas gracias.  
