
    You have to bear with me for a second here. I'm getting old. Man, that's something. Good job, Paul. First of all, I want to thank you, Bud, thank you very much. I want to thank Jane Clark, Chairman of the Hall of the Fame. I want to thank Dale Petroskey, the President of the Hall of Fame, and the entire Hall of Fame staff. It's been a wonderful stay. They've been so welcoming. It's been absolutely wonderful. Thank you.I'd also like to thank the Baseball Writers’ Association of America for that day on January 6, 2004. I was humbled and overwhelmed by your support.And I'd like also to thank my friends, family and former teammates who made the journey to Cooperstown, especially the people who came all the way from Oakland, because it means so much to me. And to the 50 Hall of Famers sitting behind me, I am truly humbled and in awe of standing here in front of you. There's no words I can convey to tell what you it feels like to be in your company. I always dreamed of being a major league baseball player, but I never dreamed of being in the Hall of Fame. I could have never envisioned myself standing next to my childhood idols, Juan Marichal and Willie Mays. They were the best, I'm telling you. It's an honor to be inducted with Paul Molitor. I'm also honored to be inducted with Paul Molitor, Lon Simmons and Murray Chass. Paul, you're among the greatest who ever played this game and, most importantly, those who respect the game with all your heart. You're one of the smartest players in the game. You did it all. You hit for average, you hit for power, you had the quickest bat in the game. And I tell you what, you were an all-around pain in the --- to deal with.Lon Simmons. You know, as a kid, I'd listen to games on the radio late at night and listen to Lon. And, Lon, you are a true gentleman and an incredible broadcaster, and it's an honor to be going to the Hall of game with you. Murray, you're a very gifted and knowledgeable writer, and I want to congratulate you on the honor, too.Thank you. Most importantly, I'd like to thank my family for the love you've given my and the sacrifices you've made for me. This day is a tribute to my mom and dad. I love you both so much, and I want to thank you. I want to thank you for your unwavering support. My parents were there for me, and they are here for me now. And my dad struggled to get here today, and both of us knew nothing could have stood in the way of us sharing this moment together. My passion for baseball was born as a little kid growing up in Fremont, California. Man, I'd listen to the Giants games late at night on a transistor radio. I could still hear the echo in my mind of Lon Simmons calling a home run call, "And you can tell it goodbye." I loved it.Those were the days of Willie Mays and Juan Marichal. You know, I wanted to pitch like Marichal and hit like Willie Mays. You know, we didn't go to many Giant games, but when I did, I savored every moment. I couldn't take my eyes off Willie Mays. I was fascinated by that basket catch. I tried to emulate Marichal's high leg kick. And that's where the dream began. I had the chance to hone my pitching skills at a young age because I'd play with my older brother, Wally. He was two years older than I was, and he let me play with him and his friends, and trying to keep up with them really made me a better player right away. It helps to have an older brother pave the way before you get to high school. Speaking of high school, I'll always remember my coach, Bill Lightfoot. Don't know what I would have done without his support. And I know, Bill, you're here today and thank you, wherever you are. Also speaking of high school, I want to recognize two of my lifelong friends, Mike Jacinto and Jeff Pimental. My career in baseball can partially be credited to you guys because you dashed my dreams of being the Washington High School quarterback, because I had to play second string behind these two guys. Anyway, they were great athletes and to this day my great friends.My parents encouraged me and supported my passion for baseball every step of the way. My dad managed me, and he was a part-time groundskeeper at the same time. He came to every game, leaving work early to be there. Fathers didn't really do that back then. My mom used to work the snack bars in Little League games, and my mom and sister were there the day I left to go play in the minor leagues. I was 17 years old and three days out of high school and I got signed by the Cleveland Indians. It was a major moment in my life, and I'll never forget waving goodbye to my sister, Cindy, my mom and dad when I left home for the first time.When I was 18 years old I married my first wife, Denise. I want to thank her for giving me stability at a time I needed it and for supporting me a hundred percent of the way. She grounded me and helped me get to the Big Leagues. A few years later my daughter, Mandee, was born. She has matured into a dynamic, special woman. And, Mandee, you fill my heart with joy and pride and I love you very much.In 1975 I made it to the big leagues right out of Spring Training. The major reason was Frank Robinson. If it weren't for Frank taking a chance on a cocky 20-year-old, I wouldn't have gotten to big leagues so soon. I'm indebted to Frank Robinson. I watched Frank closely, and I learned early on from one of the greatest ever. He was intensely competitive and his style rubbed off on me.I made a lot of lifelong friends in Cleveland: Buddy Bell, he took me under his wing; other guys, Ray Fosse, Duane Kuiper, Rick Manning, just to mention a few. I never wanted to leave Cleveland, never. It was upsetting when I got traded to Boston. That first trade is the most painful, combined with the agony of a broken marriage. But little did I know that special times were to come.I didn't leave Cleveland alone. It was there I met my agent, Ed Keating, with whom I formed a deep friendship and a special bond. Ed watched out for me on and off the field. We shared camaraderie like brothers. He watched over me with a protection and sternness of a father, and I loved him and I relied on him. I thank him for what he did for me, and I miss him very, very much. I think of him often, though, and I stay committed to his memory through my efforts with the Ed Keating Recovery Center in Cleveland, Ohio.Joining the Boston Red Sox in 1978 gave me the first taste of winning baseball. I am very proud of that 20-win season in 1978. Playing in legendary Fenway Park is absolutely unbelievable, with their passionate fans and capacity crowds. There's an energy in the air at Fenway, you can just feel it. I was fortunate to play on some great teams with great players like Yaz, Tony Perez, Carlton Fisk, other greats like Mike Torrez, Jim Rice, Fred Lynn, Dwight Evans, Luis Tiant, all these guys. I'll always remember Don Zimmer from those days, too. It's great that you're here today, Zim.After Boston, I didn't skip a beat. I went to the Cubs. I was lucky to find myself in another great baseball town with tremendous fans that have an extreme passion for this game of baseball. There's no place like Wrigley Field. Great place to hit, bad place to pitch. I mean, I even hit three home runs at Wrigley Field. Tell me about it. I have some fond memories of the 1984 Cubs, or should I say the Ryne Sandberg Cubs of 1984. We almost went all the way. You meet a lot of special people along the way, and in Chicago, I met a close friend of mine, Scott Sanderson, a long-time major league pitcher and lifelong friend. That off-season, after 1986, was probably one of the most difficult times in my life, both personally and professionally. This is when my life changed forever. My career hit a major downturn, and I was spiraling out of control personally. For the 12 years I pitched as a starter, I relied on raw talent and innate ability to get through. It worked most of the time, but times were changing. No one knew then, but I was fighting a major battle with alcohol and I knew I had come to the crossroads in my life. With the grace of God, I got sober, and I saved my life. I was a new man. I was a renewed man. It took a great deal of acceptance to come to terms with being an alcoholic, but the acceptance was key to my sobriety. If I had not gained acceptance at that time in my life, I would not be standing here today. My career would have not taken me this far.I'd like to take a moment to thank my wife at the time, Nancy, for sticking by me during those years. They were difficult, hard years, but you chose to stay by me. I am grateful for your love and support. I was indeed blessed to have a baseball career, but it didn't come without sacrifice. It takes a toll on a family. I tried my best to be a good husband and father, but I knew that baseball got in the way a lot. I strive to be a good father, and I love my kids very much, Mandee, Jake and Allie. I love you all, and I'll always be there for you.The great writer Walt Whitman once said, "Baseball will repair our losses and be a blessing to us." Well, I saved my life, and my career was about to be repaired. You never know when life is going to change forever. And in the spring of 1987, I was traded to the Oakland A's. I was happy about the trade, but I was even happier to be home again. My heart belongs in California.I will forever remember meeting the then manager, A's manager Tony LaRussa. I remember going in his office when I first got there, and I didn't know what to think of this long-haired manager. I don't think he knew what to think of me, either. He just said, "Go to the bullpen, and we'll figure out what we are going to do with you." Anyway, he and pitching coach Dave Duncan figured it out, and I became a reliever. And although it was a demotion, I was able to embrace my new role as a reliever because of my recent personal transformation. I channeled my personal acceptance into my professional life, and I became reinvigorated as a pitcher. Relieving brought back my youth because I could throw hard again. It was a wonderful way for me to express myself.I didn't know how my relationship with Tony LaRussa would develop. And as it turns out, it would become one of the most important and significant relationships in my life. Tony and I have a strong bond beyond manager and player. On the field we shared an intense passion for baseball. Off the field, we are men made of the same moral fabric. We care at the same level. Beyond being number 43, Tony knew me as a person. As much as he knew my arm, he knew my heart and mind. Tony knew me so much, that I internalized disappointing losses. Several times when he could tell I was taking it hard, he'd simply leave me a note later that night that simply said "You're the best, Eck." I was deeply moved by those gestures.Those notes, and Tony's confidence, were instrumental in carrying me through difficult moments. Tony always said the key to confidence lies in preparation. “Remember to cross your T's and dot your I's,” he'd say. I took preparation to another level, both mentally and physically.My pitching coach, Dave Duncan, also helped me get through a lot of difficult times in my career. We shared a similar personal style. Dunc knew my pitching mechanics as well as he knew my mentality. He instilled confidence with me and was always honest about where I went wrong and what I needed to do. He communicated well, using few words. He helped direct me. I trusted him, his direction, and I respected and appreciated his honesty. I'm being inducted into the Hall of Fame in large part because of Tony LaRussa and Dave Duncan. Not only did they change how late innings of a baseball game would be played, they carved out a role that was tailor-made for my personality, aggressiveness, competitiveness and intensity. They created a platform to me to pitch another 12 years. And it is in those 12 years that were my ticket to Cooperstown.Those years in Oakland were, without a doubt, the best years of my life. Those years to me were like magic. I was a piece of a much greater whole. Beyond any individual efforts, my greatest successes came from being a part of great teams. I had the fortune of playing with great players on great teams for great owners. We bred success and we expected to win. In my opinion, the A's were a dynasty. Starting with the owners, the Haas family. They were great owners because they truly cared. They invested in big market players even though they were a small market team. The A's had an exceptional management team led by Sandy Alderson and Walt Jocketty. And I credit Sandy Alderson for the innovative vision and brilliance. The Haas’ were generous, community-minded owners. They taught me by example the importance of giving back to the community. I connected instantly with my friend Dave Perron. He headed up the A's community relations at the time, and he's one of my closest friends, and he's like a brother to me. I loved our relationship, Dave, and I want to thank you for your friendship and loyalty.I made a lot of great friends during that time that will stay forever, like pitcher Ron Darling. Ronnie pitched with the A's and Mets, and I'm sure you know Ronnie. There are so many great players that I remember, like McGwire and Canseco, Stewart, Welch, Ricky Henderson, Dave Henderson, Carney Lansford, Walt Weiss, Mike Gallego, Terry Steinbach, Mike Moore and, bullpen guys, Jim Corsi, Gene Nelson and Rick Honeycutt. And, Rick, if it wasn't for you getting out those lefthanders, man, I would not be here today. There are so many other people who took a lot of care of me along the way, too. Mickey Morabito, the A's traveling secretary, Steve Vucinich, the clubhouse manager, Dr. Elliott Schwartz, and my trainer, Barry Weinberg. Barry, you listened to me so many, many times after some difficult losses and that meant a lot to me, and I want to thank you very much.I want to acknowledge the wonderful fans of Oakland. I want to thank you for your kindness and your support. I didn't have all great moments in Oakland, believe you me. My success was mixed with some devastating losses. But you always stood by me and I want to take this opportunity to tell you how much your affection and loyalty meant to me. One moment I'll always remember was the ovation you gave me after returning home from that devastating loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1988. I will never forget that moment. Thank you.What made the A's years extra special for me was having my parents in the stands every game. They were fixtures at the Oakland Coliseum, and I'm thrilled we were able to share these moments together. Looking back over my career, throwing a no-hitter, winning 20 games in Boston were highlights, but those moments can't even come close to beating the San Francisco Giants in the 1989 World Series. Making that play for the last out, I had the ball in my glove – for a kid from Fremont, California, it doesn't get any better than that.After nine magical years in Oakland, I spent two seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals and then I finally retired with the Boston Red Sox in '98.And in 2001 I met Jennifer Szoke. Jennifer, I want to thank you for your support. You've changed my life forever. I am dedicated to you and love you very, very much.While retirement meant the end of my playing days, it didn't bring closure to me. Now I've come to the end, to Cooperstown, to close my career. What a way to close. This is the ultimate. And though this marks the ending of my career, my passion for this game lives forever because baseball lives in my soul. God put it there and there it will always be. Baseball is in every fiber of my being. I care for this game with my heart and soul. I dedicated my life to being the best pitcher I could be.You leave me humbled and grateful for this honor. I'd like to leave an offering of a message of hope. That is, with the grace of God you can change your life, whoever you are.Thank you all, and thank you, God.  
