
    
July 31, 2005
Like Keith Jackson said, "Whoa Nelly". Thank you Commissioner Selig. I'd like to first start off by thanking Jane Forbes Clark, Dale Petroskey, Jeff Idelson, Kim Bennett and all the wonderful staff at the Hall of Fame for making these last seven months so enjoyable and allowing Debbie and I and our family to become two of the newest members of the Hall of Fame family. Thank you. I appreciate it very much. Thank you to the Baseball Writers of America. Without your vote, I'm not here. Thank you very much. I sincerely thank you.
Jerry Coleman, Peter Gammons, congratulations on being recognized in your field of expertise. Well deserved. Ryno, congratulations to you and Margaret and your family. I couldn't think of anyone that I would rather share this honor with than with you. Thank you. Thanks to all the Hall of Famers for coming back this weekend to share the special day with Ryno and myself. Thank you very much.
I stand here today incredibly humbled, extremely overwhelmed and so very proud. Humbled by the fact that never in a million years would I ever thought that I would be on the same stage with all these great Hall of Famers and enshrined to the National Baseball Hall of Fame. Overwhelmed by the great turnout of all these super fans that love baseball so much for coming out here and enjoying this honor with me, and so very proud to be one of the newest members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
This journey started about 42 years ago in a little town of Brunswick, Georgia. Looking back on those days and little leaguer, the Hall of Fame is not even a blinking star, but through baseball travels and moving up the ladder, that star begins to flicker. Moving to Tampa in '69, playing little league at Bayshore for Dr. Wolf, who is here today, my first manager, moving on to Palma Ceia, playing for David Fyfe at Plant High School.
I remember that June night in '76 when I got drafted by the Boston Red Sox and George Digby, a visionary, one of the greatest scouts because he believed in me, a little scrawny, skinny kid from Tampa, Florida. He saw something that a lot of other people passed up on. On that night, my dad, Coach Fyfe, went outside after the offer, talked it over, came back inside. I said, "Where do I sign?" I said, "Let's go." My dad said, "You're going to have to make a choice, son, college ball or pro ball." I made that choice in 1976 and it was off to Elmira where my professional journey started with Dick Berardino, one of the toughest managers I ever played for. I grew up a lot that year.
Elmira was the first time that I decided to come see the Hall of Fame in 1976, and who would have ever thought as an 18 years old kid my first year in pro ball that one day my plaque would be hanging in Cooperstown.
Moving up the ladder from Winston-Salem to Pawtucket. In 1982, finally making it to the big leagues. The one dream that every little leaguer shares is making it to the big leagues.
I want to thank the late Mrs. Yawkey. She was a great lady, not only a great friend but a great owner. My wife and I Debbie would like to thank her. Ralph Houk, my first manager was the first guy to believe in me and had the confidence to put me on the major league roster. John McNamara in 1986 took us to the World Series. He's a great friend and he helped me so much through a tough time. I had a fantastic hitting coach in Walt Hriniak. I believe he's here today. Biggest motivator I ever had. He was able to get the most out of me each and every day.
One guy that I wish was here right now, Ted Williams, helped me so much, our long talks, not about hitting but about fishing, one of Ted's passions, and I wish he was here today to share this with me because I owe so much to Ted Williams.
Then there's Johnny Pesky, hit me countless number of ground balls and improved my fielding so much. Bill Fischer, a pitching coach for Boston at the time, countless hours of batting practice, the best BP I ever had, four straight batting titles with Bill, thanks, Bill.
My journey took a surprising turn in 1992. I left Boston and who would have ever thought I would wind up with the New York Yankees? The owner of the New York Yankees, Mr. George Steinbrenner who I had the greatest respect for, I want to thank him for giving me the opportunity to win that special ring in 1996.
Each player has a job to do and when everything comes together, through team work and hard work, everybody of the 25 players, that special dream comes true just like it did in '96, so when you wear the same socks for every game, or you have chicken every day, believe me, I have a few superstitions, and they work.
Clete Boyer, who is also here today, took my fielding to a gold glove level.
One of the most memorable moments I have, this was 1994, and getting a call 12:30 at night from Don Mattingly, that made it special. It's not only a great accomplishment for me but Donnie wanted to be the one to tell me. In 1998, I wound up in Tampa, expansion team with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Mr. Namoli, I'd like to thank you for giving me that opportunity to come home and play in front of my family and friends. It was a special time for me. Thank you.
My train ride began in 1976 in Elmira with many stops along the way, but today, that train has pulled into Cooperstown, New York and I found a new family here at the Hall of Fame, and my wife and I believe this is a beginning of another baseball journey.
At this time I'd like to thank a few family and friends: My agent Allan Nero and all the hard working people at Coordinated Sports. Thank you for all the things you've done for my wife and family. Kim Morton and Cathi Leonard for all the work you do for my foundation. I couldn't do it without you. Andrea Hurm, our nanny for 25 years taking care of the kids. It took a load off of Debbie and I. Thank you very much. The Porrecas, the Leonards and the Hurms, our extended family.
Daddy, I wouldn't be up here without you. I owe everything to you. My mentor, my idol. Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught my the game and you taught me how to play it right. Thank you, dad, along with my step mom Pat. Thank you for being here and enjoying this wonderful day, because without you, I wouldn't be standing up here.
My wife Debbie, thank goodness she cooked that chicken all those years. That was great. Honey, I love you. You're my rock, my best friend, I love you. I love you. You're so special. You're the glue that holds everything together, sweetheart. Our daughter Megan, I love you honey. Our son Brett, my brother Wayne and his family are here, my sister Ann is here along with her husband Warren, my mother-in-law Mildred Berticelli, my wife's sister Betty and her family, my wife's brother David and his family and the rest of my family.
There's one person that's not here today. She should be, but she's here in spirit. Growing up all those years and taking me to little league. 1986, June 17th was the last game she missed. She was the rock of the family. She had to wear two hats because of my father being in the Air Force. Mom, I love you, I miss you. I wish you were here.
In closing, I want to say one special thing. I am living proof that dreams come true. In life, so many things are taken for granted, but one thing I can honestly say is that I took every day, enjoyed the game of putting on that uniform and playing the great game of baseball.
I have a message for the young kids. Life is about obstacles, endeavors in life are not to be overlooked. Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life. A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
One final thought. Just remember, baseball is just a game, whether it's your second year in little league or your second year in the big leagues, you should always play the game with passion, play the game with heart, and play the game you loved and possibly one day your dreams can come true just like mine did so many years ago when I first started dreaming about playing baseball and making it to the big leagues.
Thank you to all my friends for coming a long way from Tampa and around the United States. Thank you and may God bless you. Thank you.   
