
    
July 27, 2008
This is really an out-of-body experience. I'd just like to first of thank the Yankee contingent for coming to Cooperstown and sharing in this great moment to with me today. All you great Yankee fans, Jenny Steinbrenner, Cash, Brian Cashman, Lonn Trost, his wife, Jenny's son. I see Gator sitting over here. Gator, I love you. And I'd just like to say that this is the most amazing thing outside the birth of me three boys, there are three boys. Corna, you had a hand in that. But my boys are very special to us. And my family, my whole family who traveled here are from Colorado, and I want to thank first of all all of you for coming here today.
You know, growing up in Colorado Springs, Colorado. I had a dream of playing in the big leagues. My dad would always say I was going to be there someday and I would just say, "Oh, Dad, don't say that," because deep down I just didn't believe it could happen.
Starting back when I was playing little league, my parents, Sue and Jake Gossage, were my biggest supporters. They never missed a game. At times the whole team would pile into my dad's old International Harvester, it was a beat up old truck but we loved it. Some of my greatest memories of Little League rival any of those I experienced as a big leaguer, believe it or not. They were so special.
I remember pitching to my brother Jack in his front yard winding up and trying to throw the ball as hard as I possibly could throw. He'd say, "You're not throwing very hard. You're throwing like a sissy." I'd have tears in my eyes I'd be trying so hard, but looking back, that's where my wild delivery came from, all arms and legs, flailing, coming right at you. I had a lot of things working for me: I hit the ball well, I had great movement and I had tremendous velocity, all contributors to my success.
We as a family are all huge Yankee fans. We didn't get any first-hand exposure to Major League baseball. I had never met a big leaguer in the flesh. My mom and dad along with our neighborhood kids would gather around our TV and watch the game of the week with Dizzy Dean and Peewee Reese. Another great show we watched on Saturdays was Home Run Derby, and George Brett knows about Home Run Derby. He hit a few off of me. But what great Saturdays those were. Mickey Mantle was my favorite player, as he was for millions of other kids around the country. I thought Mickey and all the other great players of that era were fictitious kind of like cartoon characters, they didn't even really exist, so I thought that getting to the big leagues was crazy, something that couldn't be achieved.
I remember a particular outing during my senior year in high school. I started a game that day with probably ten or so scouts in the stands there to see me. I lasted about two innings giving up six or seven runs. When I looked up in the stands after being taken out of the game, all the scouts were gone and along with them, I thought, my chance of playing professional baseball.
Upon graduating from high school, I applied for a job at the city coaching little leaguers. I got the job. My father had died when I was a junior in high school so my mom was home alone. I ran in the house and I was so excited to tell my mom, "Mom, mom, I got a job coaching the kids." She looked at me and said, "Well, this gentleman has a job for you too, Rick." I turned and around and I saw a man sitting on the sofa. It was a scout for the Chicago White Sox by the name of Bill Kimble. I had been drafted by the White Sox. We started talking, and I was dumbfounded. He told me he believed in me, that he thought I could make it to the big leagues. We started negotiating, he offered me a signing bonus of $5,000 and I held out for 8. That was the first time I knew that I needed help negotiating contracts.
I felt like the whole weight of the world was on my shoulders when I signed that contract. I'd given up my scholarships to go to college and had no idea what I had gotten myself into. I knew I was good for Colorado, but I had no idea how good I was on a larger scale.
That day I borrowed my brother's Jeep and went up to my dad's and I favorite hunting spot just outside Colorado Springs. I sat there all day and cried.
The first place they sent me after my high school graduation in 1970 was the Gulf Coast Rookie League in Sarasota, Florida. I had never been out of the state of Colorado and when I got off the plane I was met with a blast of hot air. This was June of 1970. And I was met with that blast of hot air and I said, "Boy, these jets are hot." And the man in front of me stopped dead and he said, "I hate to inform you, son, but those aren't the jets, welcome to Florida in the summer."
The coaching I received in Rookie League was tremendous. Joe Jones was the manager of the team, Sam Hairston was an assistant coach, and my first great pitching coach was an ex-catcher by the name of Ray Berres. I learned so much. I was down there about three weeks and did very well. I was promoted to Appleton, Wisconsin to the Midwest League, and in Appleton, my worst fears came true, I couldn't get anybody out. I struggled mightily. In the off season, I learned that the manager Ira Hutchinson had recommended that I be released, that's how bad I was. All the coaches that I had in Rookie League argued on my behalf. They didn't think I should be released and talked them out of it. Thank goodness.
After the following spring training in 1971, I returned to Appleton under a new manager, Joe Sparks, where I compiled an 18 and two season and led the league in almost all categories. Joe was one of the best managers I ever had.
During the spring of '71, I had the experience of meeting one of my greatest managers, Chuck Tanner, and the great general manager Roland Hemond for the first time. Chuck was the manager of the White Sox at that time. And in the spring of '72, I was invited as a non-rostered player to big league camp and ended up making the team.
In Chicago, it was my privilege to work with one of the best coaches of all times, Johnny Saine. Johnny Saine taught my the art of the off-speed pitch. That pitch with my power was exactly what I needed.
During my years with the White Sox, Chuck Tanner was also instrumental to my success and had the greatest influence on me during my first years in the big leagues. He taught me how to conduct myself as a big leaguer and how important fans are to the game of baseball. He also said the most important words that I would ever hear as he poked me in the chest, and Chuck was some kind of tough guy at that time. He said, "You make them tear that uniform off." And, 22 years later, I did. Thanks, Chuck.
In 1972, I had the privilege of playing with Dick Allen. I didn't know it at the time, but in retrospect, he was the greatest player I ever played with. That's quite a statement because I played with a lot of great ones. He taught me how to pitch from a hitter's perspective. He took me under his wing and we would talk for hours on end about pitching. It was amazing.
I played with the White Sox for five years and then went on to play for eight other teams. I can honestly say I loved every moment of every team I ever played for. I also loved the year I spent playing in Japan,that was an amazing experience.
My family loved baseball and traveling with me.
My wife Corna was the perfect baseball wife. Thanks, Hon. She loved to live in different places and didn't mind the rigors of packing and unpacking. She enjoyed the other baseball wives and didn't mind being away on road trips, me being away on road trips. Good riddance, right? My sons Jeff, Keith and Todd were the ideal baseball kids. They spent hours in the clubhouse with the players and loved shagging fly balls during batting practice. They went on many road trips with me and just had a ball.
During my year with Pittsburgh, I had another great pitching coach, Larry Sherry. Larry is deceased, but he lives on in my memory. Also deceased are my teammates Thurmon Munson, who was my greatest catcher I ever had the privilege of pitching to, Catfish Hunter, an amazing individual, Jim Spencer, a great first baseman, a great friend, Aurelio Chi-Chi Rodriguez, one of the greatest third basemen to ever play, I believe, and most recently one of all of our favorites, Bobby Ray Mercer. They were my dear friends and added to the fun of my baseball career. They along with Graig Nettles, Sparky Lyle, Gator, Reggie Jackson, Mickey Rivers, Jim Beattie, Roy White who I believe are all present today, thank you guys so much for coming and sharing this with me. They were all part of that great 1978 world championship that won back to back championships in '77 and '78 which was another highlight in my career.
Behind the scenes during all the Yankee championships, and he wasn't really behind the scenes, was George Steinbrenner, I believe the greatest owner of all time. He was committed to putting the best players on the field and has kept the Yankees the Yankees. He has made everybody in baseball better because to compete with George Steinbrenner, everybody had to be at the level of play.
I feel very honored to wear a Yankee cap into the Hall of Fame today and to be part of that great Yankee tradition. I believe Mr. Steinbrenner someday will be here in Cooperstown with us, with all of us.
From New York I went to San Diego where I spent the next four years. There I met another great pitching coach and has become a great friend in Galen Cisco and his wife Martha are here in the audience sharing this day with me. I had the unique privilege of turning a city into a good time as the Padres went into the playoffs in the World Series. We had lost the first two games against the Cubs and faced the daunting task of winning three straight. On arriving after midnight into San Diego and busing it into the ballpark, we were greeted by thousands of fans cheering us on to win the '84 playoffs.
Dick Williams, of course we know he's an inductee today, guided us into that World Series with the Detroit Tigers. I can't tell you how honored and happy I am to be entering the Hall of Fame with Dick and all of the rest of these great inductees to be able to talk to Bowie, the last time, was amazing. And you know, Dick, my only regret about that World Series is I should have listened to you and I should have walked Kurt Gibson, damnit.
From San Diego, I went on to play with five other teams. I ended my career with the Seattle Mariners as a result of the 1994 players strike. You may have heard me say that my career in baseball was like a kid getting on his favorite ride at Disney World and not getting off for 22 years. During my career, I had special friendships with hundreds of fellow teammates. Thanks for sharing the ride with me, you guys. It was amazing.
In closing, I would like to thank all my family members, good friends and teammates for traveling here today in my honor. Also, I would like to acknowledge the Hall of Fame staff and all of its members for making me feel so special. In addition, I would like to extend my appreciation to all the wonderful baseball fans who are present today or are watching this ceremony on TV. You are the reason baseball is the great game it is today. Thank you very much.
My mom and dad have passed away, but I feel their presence here today. They were my greatest fans, and together with my brothers and my sisters, my wife and sons have supported me my entire career. This experience has been overwhelming, over the top, and I can't put into words what this means. And I would like to thank you all from the bottom of my heart for being here today. Thank you.   
