
    
July 25, 2010
(Video Presentation) Miss Clark, Mr. Idelson, Commissioner Selig, Mr. DuPay, and the Hall of Famers...
First, I would like to congratulate Andre and Whitey on their election to the Hall of Fame, and to Bill and Jon for their tremendous honor in receiving the writer and broadcaster awards. Secondly, I want to acknowledge and congratulate every umpire from Little League to the Major Leagues. I understand all of your challenges, your hard work, and your love of the game. This is our day, and I am standing here representing you.
I realize that for many of you fans, this may be the only time in your life you will hear from a major league umpire, so there are a few things I would like to share with you. I have heard it said that umpires are a "necessary evil." Well, we are necessary, but we are not evil. We are hard working and dedicated people whose primary interest is to make sure the game is played fairly. We are the integrity of the game.
It was an honor for me to officiate sports at all levels. I worked Little League, Pony League, Junior American Legion, American Legion, Junior High School, Junior Varsity High School, Varsity High School, Bobby Sox, Junior College, College, Service Ball, Minor Leagues, and Major League Baseball. Additionally, I also worked basketball up to the professional ranks, and football games up to major college teams. In fact, I may be the first ABA and ABL official who made it into Baseball's Hall of Fame! How many guys have called a foul on Dr J and a foul ball on Doc Gooden? I officiated games with slam dunks and grand slams. I was there for a signature Willie Mays Basket catch and a Rick Barry signature basket. I called a double dribble at the Oakland Basketball Coliseum and a double play at the Oakland A's Baseball Coliseum.
I grew up in the small agricultural town of El Centro, California. Dad umpired for the old class D Sunset Baseball League El Centro Imperials as an alternate. I was the bat boy, and my mom ran the concession stand. Dad also umpired for the local high school, umpiring for all four of his sons' baseball games. The opposing coaches would ask for Pop Harvey to work home plate. It was a great compliment to his fairness. Dad was my idol.
Before I joined professional baseball, I started umpiring games in San Diego, California. I worked 155 games in a five-month season for three years in a row. I was working triple headers on Saturdays and double headers on Sundays. I remember that while watching Don Larsen throw his perfect game on TV, I told the guys with me that I was going to go into professional baseball umpiring, and some day they would be watching me on TV. They laughed me out of the room. Eleven years later, they were watching me on TV, working my first World Series plate job in Detroit. You must make promises to yourself and work to make them come true.
One time after I worked a semi-pro game, a man came up and handed me a card, and introduced himself as the Head Scout for the Milwaukee Braves. He asked if I had ever thought of turning pro, and I told him I had written many letters trying to get a job, with no answers, and I couldn't afford to go to umpire's school. He said, "If I get you a job, will you take it?" and I said "certainly." About a week and a half later, I got the telegram stating that I was going to work in the California State League, and that was the beginning of my professional career. You never know when an opportunity will present itself, and you always need to be ready to do your best. I worked the Cal State League for three years, then Pacific Coast League Triple-A for one year, and then umpire supervisor Fred Fleig signed me to the National League. At that time, I was the only man to go from Class C ball to one year in Triple-A to the Majors. It won't be done again as there is no longer C ball.
There are a few people along the way, who guided me and shared their wisdom:
- My Dad Hal, who gave me my first umpiring lessons.
- My Mom, Margaret, who taught me the value of hard work;
- My high school coach, Bob Farrel, who taught me to learn one new thing every day. He told me I had less talent, but more desire, than anyone he knew, not to win, lose or draw, but to compete.
- My college coach, Charlie Smith, who taught me the true love of the game.
- My 1st crew chief, Hall of Famer Al Barlick, who taught me you'd better know the rules.
- My 2nd crew chief, Hall of Famer Jocko Conlon, who taught me the fun of umpiring.
- My 3rd crew chief, Shag Crawford, who to this day was the best umpire I ever knew, and who belongs in the Hall of Fame, and who taught me that 110% is not enough.
- And, Andy Strasberg, for his support the last 12 years.
I studied my rule book two hours a day for every day that I worked in the minor leagues. Two hours every day, and I never missed. All you players, managers, umpires, broadcasters, or writers at any level, I suggest you know the rules, the "real rules," not the made up ones.
I recall a situation in which Buddy Kerr, the former New York Giants shortstop, was managing at Fresno in 1960, and I was umpiring the bases. He had a runner at 2nd base. The pitcher went into his stretch, and about the time he looked back, the runner broke for 3rd. The pitcher stepped towards 3rd and threw the ball there. However, the base runner reversed, dove back to 2nd, and I said "safe." Out comes Buddy! "Ha-Ha, got you Harv. I've got you." I said, "Oh, Really Buddy?" By now, it is getting loud. He said, "A pitcher cannot throw to an unoccupied base, it's a balk!" I said softly, "Buddy, I am so proud of you." Now, Buddy gets a funny look on his face, and said, "What do you mean?" I said, "To think that someone in this god-forsaken league is studying the rule book besides me. That pleases me so much." Buddy replied, "Don't give me that Harv, it's a balk." I told him, "I know the rule you are thinking of. It's rule 8.05, sections A to M, 13 ways to balk, and you are speaking specifically of 8.05 D, which states a man cannot throw to an unoccupied base, comma, except for the express purpose of making a play, and where was the runner going?" Kerr said, "Damn it Harvey, you got me again." Now, you have to remember that this was only my second year of umpiring professional ball. That's how important it is to know the rules.
During the season, baseball was the most important thing in my life. It demanded that I travel constantly, every 3-4 days going to a different city. There are no "home stands" for an umpire. It kept me from my family for the whole season, and they felt the sacrifice as much as I did. You have to realize that my average for being home and sleeping in my own bed from 1962-68 was three nights a season, because we didn't live in a Major League city. I'd fly into San Diego, get my wife and children, and drive to L.A., work three games, then my wife would drive the kids home, and I would hop a plane to the next city. My wife kept a picture of me by the phone so that when I called, the boys could see my face. In 1969, the Padres came to San Diego, and then I averaged about 9 nights a season at home...9 nights in 7 months.
Sacrifices can be physical as well as mental. In my first year umpiring, I was working the plate and Bob Gibson was pitching, and the catcher missed it. It caromed up under my mask, and broke off two teeth, which I spit on the ground. Shag Crawford came up and said, "you're bleeding." When I told him what happened, he said I should have someone look at it, and I told him I would after the game. The next day, I went to a dentist, and he told me I would need to take time off so he could work on the damage, but I said no. So, he gave me a shot to stop the bleeding, and I went on my way. Two months later, it was infected, so I went to another dentist, and he packed it with cotton, but I kept bleeding, so finally, I just stuffed chewing tobacco into it. Now, I have the Game of the Week, Giants against Pittsburgh, and I've got the plate. At the same time, my wife out in California is at the hospital, having our first child. At that time, we weren't allowed to go home for childbirth. After the game, I find out I have a son. I didn't get to see him until he was two weeks old.
I respect the umpires I worked with throughout my career, and I respect the ones working today. My only ambition has been to improve the profession of umpiring. I have tried to mentor the people I worked with, teaching them everything I know about the game. I have challenged each of them to be better than I was.
And finally, my family. They have been my rock. I always knew I could count on them. They have backed me unconditionally. One time I was on the road for 10 straight weeks...and all I got from them was love. My sons have made me proud, and my wife has been my best friend.. We will celebrate our 50th anniversary in September. And, there is my extended family of brothers, grandchildren, great grandchildren, nephews, nieces, in-laws, and my family of friends, who have come to celebrate with me this great honor. I want to thank everyone connected to the Hall of Fame...they have made this an enjoyable and incredible experience for my family, friends and me. I also want to thank the National League for their support, and I will never forget the Brotherhood of my fellow umpires.
Years ago, my Dad told me that someday I would wake up and realize what I had accomplished. Today, I woke up in Cooperstown, and now I know what he meant. As we all know, Cooperstown is the home of baseball. One of the many duties of the home plate umpire is to make sure that the runner touches home. Well, if you are a true baseball fan, you need to visit Cooperstown. (Point downward.) THIS is Home. And, you need to promise yourself that you'll touch Home before the end of the game. I'll be watching to make sure you do.
Thank You. 
(Live on stage) Thank you. It's too hot out there. Sit down. I'll be quick. I'm not going to hold you long. I want you to notice that I stopped the rain. (Applause and laughter)
God bless all of you. I couldn't have had a nicer time. First of all, Joy, would you just stand up? This has been my lady. (Applause)
But I've taken enough time. You know that I love all umpires, I love all the fans. Thank you, very much.   
